"Suppose prices of two goods are constant, explain what will happen to the budget line if there is an increase in consumer's income. Support your answer with an appropriate diagram.	"
"Explain the concept of price leadership observed under the condition of oligopoly, by using graphs. "
Define profit. Briefly explain how accounting profit is different from economic profit.
Describe the assumptions of monopolistic competitive market.
"Explain the meaning of the law of diminishing marginal returns. Briefly describe the relationship between total product (TP) and marginal product (MP), marginal product (MP) and average product (AP)."
Evaluate why a monopolist holds more undesirable characteristics in comparison to a perfect competitor. Give evidence from the graph to support your answer.
"Using Marginal approach, explain and identify how many unit of CD players should the firm producer per day if its goal is to maximize its profit."
"As opposed other curves, justify with explanation why Average Fixed Costs 	(AFC) is negatively sloped."
Identify whether the firm is in the short-run or long-run  equilibrium. Explain.
Illustrate and explain how perfect competitive firms adjust in long-run if they are enjoying positive economic profit in short-run.
Assuming that this monopolist is regulated to produce at that quantity where price equals average total cost. Calculate and find out what is the quantity the monopolist will produce and the price it will charge given this regulatory scenario.
Identify THREE (3) types of imperfectly competitive firms and construct THREE (3) important characteristics of these imperfectly competitive firms.
Various policies were implemented by the governments in order to mitigate the concerns over efficient losses arising from natural monopoly. Describe natural monopoly and provide ONE (1) example of natural monopoly.
Describe Prisoner Dilemma in the context of game theory.
Highlight the differences between an equilibrium in dominant strategy as compared to Nash equilibrium.
State which market structure adopts this practice. List and briefly explain what are the conditions needed for this practice to be successful.
Explain types of price discriminations.
"By using appropriate diagrams, explain how a decreasing cost industry affects the long-run supply curve in a perfectly competitive market."
"Briefly explain the income-consumption curve. With the aid of diagrams, derive income-consumption curve and Engel curve if there is an increase in income given that the good is an inferior good. Explain your answer by showing at least two bundles of goods in the diagrams."
Briefly explain the characteristics of monopolistic market structure.
"""Assume that there is one dominant firm in the industry that sets the price and then all the other firms in the industry behave like perfectly competitive price­ taking firms"". By using appropriate diagrams, explain the underlying assumptions of the model stated in the statement."
Explain the marginal cost relationship with average variable cost (AVC) and average total cost (ATC). Support your answer by using an appropriate diagram. 
"Jason spends all his income on meat and bread. Assume bread as a giffen good, draw Jason's price consumption curve and demand curve for bread when the price of bread falls. Support your answer with explanation for 3 consumption bundles. "
"Starting from a point of equilibrium, explain the case of a decreasing - cost industry in a perfectly competitive market with the aid of diagram(s). "
List THREE (3) characteristics of monopolistic competition and explain how do firms in this market structure compete.
Describe diminishing of marginal product and explain the relationship between average product and marginal product by using an appropriate diagram. 
"""Economists state that both allocative and productive efficiencies are realized in the long-run equilibrium of a monopolistically competitive market"". State whether you agree or disagree with the statement. Graphically illustrate and explain the statement. "
Determine the equilibrium price and quantity.
Determine the amount of shortage or surplus if government decides to impose the price at RM1.50/kg. Support your answer with numerical explanations. 
"Suppose milk and yogurt are within Sophie's budget and she views yogurt as an inferior good. Using indifference curve and budget line, explain the substitution, income and total effects when the price of yogurt falls. "
Explain the underlying assumptions of the price-leadership model by using appropriate diagrams.
"Justify the following statement. ""It is possible for a firm to experience diminishing marginal return and diseconomies of scale at the same time”. "
Describe the TWO (2) key differences between perfect competition and monopolistic competition. 
The news reported that the chicken consumption in Malaysia has fallen by 17.25 percent. Use firm and industry diagrams to explain the short run and long run effects. 
"“As additional units of a variable input are added to a fixed input, the marginal product of the variable input may at the beginning rises, subsequently falls and becomes negative in the short-run"". Explain this statement by using appropriate diagrams. "
"A manager of a small company makes the following statement - ""We need to keep hiring additional workers up to the point where the marginal productivity of the last worker we hire is at its maximum. This way we can maximize the total productivity of the firm.""  Critically evaluate this statement. "
"Draw a graph showing the demand curve faced by a perfectly competitive firm. On the same graph, draw the demand curve faced by a monopolistically competitive firm. Explain your reasoning for each curve. "
Explain the price discriminations that associated with monopoly.
"Suppose firms in industry Y are having an increase in demand. By using appropriate diagrams, explain the effect of an increase in demand and how industry Y achieves the long-run equilibrium in perfect competition. "
Sketch a graph that associates with a monopoly. Find the profit-maximizing level of output and label it as q*. Find the price that firm should charge and label it as P*. Explain how the profit-maximizing output and price the firm should charge are determined. Explain what the firm should do if marginal revenue is higher than marginal cost. 
 List and explain TWO (2) advantages and THREE (3) disadvantages of economic growth. 
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for China and South Africa.
Compute the value of the government multiplier and tax multiplier in an open economy. 
"Using the multiplier approach, suppose government increases spending to 2200 and decreases tax by 500, calculate the new equilibrium output level and the new balance of trade."
Suppose that Japan and South Korea are trading partners. The exchange rate of Yen for South Korean Won (KRW) is floating freely. Japanese had reduced their imports from South Korea due to lack of demand for Korean products. Explain what will happen to Yen by using an appropriate diagram. Give five reasons why demand for a foreign currency may increase. 
Determine which country enjoys comparative advantage in the production of cotton and silk respectively. Support your answer by calculating the opportunity costs of each. 
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for China and Thailand. Clearly label the total output before specialization and total output after trade in the diagrams.
"Inflation is one of the major concerns of all countries in the world. Discuss how the Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) would fight against inflation problem and by using appropriate diagrams, show how the BNM actions affect the investment level and equilibrium output level. "
Explain  the effect of a cut in taxes of $100 billion on the economy if the marginal propensity to consume were 0.9. Explain why this policy is much different from simply having the government initiate a $100 billion spending program. Support your answer with specific calculations. 
Explain why a sustained inflation is a purely monetary phenomenon and cannot exist without the cooperation of the Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM). 
Explain why the effectiveness of an expansionary monetary policy in increasing aggregate output is partially dependent on the interest sensitivity of the demand for money. 
Calculate the equilibrium level of income for Cambodia. 
Calculate the balance of trade when the economy is at equilibrium and interpret your answer. 
Calculate the level of output needed to be achieved by Cambodia in order to maintain a balanced trade account.
Determine the values of Cambodia's government spending multiplier in closed and open economy. Explain which multiplier has the greater impact on the Cambodia economy. 
Malaysia is currently having trade deficit and policy maker tries to improve the balance of trade by depreciate the Ringgit Malaysia. Discuss the impact of this policy by using an appropriate diagram. 
List and explain the FIVE (5) institutional structures that can promote and sustained economic growth. 
"Assume that Saudi Arabia is currently operating at the natural level of output. However, due to the political uncertainty it leads to an increase in oil price. Discuss the effects of the event on the price level, unemployment and output in the long run and short run in Saudi Arabia by using appropriate diagrams. Besides, suggest the policy that can be implemented by Saudi Arabia in order to achieve long run equilibrium after the event. "
Assume that Japan is currently operating at the natural level of output. Investor is optimistic about the future due to the outstanding performance in the stock market. Explain the effect of event to the price level and output level in the short run and long run in Japan by using an appropriate diagram.
List and explain the reason why the aggregate demand curve is downward slopping.
"In order to achieve high economy growth the government can implement expansionary fiscal policy, however, the effect of an increase in government spending can be taken aback by crowding out effect. Recommend and graphically explain the action that can be taken by Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) to avoid this problem."
Money growth is always interrelated with inflation phenomenon. Explain how the growth of money will affect the economy when the economy is operating at the full capacity. Illustrate by using an appropriate diagram.
Describe price feedback effect by using relevant example.
Identify which country has an absolute advantage in the production of sugar cane and blue agave.
Suppose the two countries wish to specialize and trade. Specifically determine and explain which country enjoys comparative advantage in the production of sugar cane and blue agave. 
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for Argentina and Mexico. 
In order to reduce the international competition to protect some major sector of the economy. List and explain THREE (3) instruments that can use to protect our domestic industries. 
"Output and capital are increasing more rapidly than labour in the pharmaceutical industry. However, labour is increasing faster than capital and output in the agriculture industry. Evaluate the different in the output growth and productivity between these two industries."
Thailand currently experiences a 17% unemployment rate and the investors in the country are sensitive towards changes in the interest rate. Explain to your friend the policy to be taken by Central Bank of Thailand to achieve 3% of unemployment rate by using appropriate diagram(s). 
"Japan is operating above the potential output level. As a committee member of central bank, suggest a policy that should be implemented in order to restore Japan's potential output level. Using appropriate diagram(s), explain the effect of the policy on price and unemployment level in short run and long run. "
Identify which country has an absolute advantage and comparative advantage in the production of pizza and cloth. 
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for Korea and Indonesia. 
Explain THREE (3) reasons why AD curve is downward sloping.
Calculate the equilibrium level of output for four sectors economy with taxes. 
Calculate the balance of trade when the economy is at equilibrium. 
"Using the open economy multiplier approach, calculate the new equilibrium output level and new balance of trade if the government decreases spending to RM 1200 million and increases tax by RM 300 million. "
Describe the economic growth and FOUR (4) sources of economic growth. 
The unemployment problem can be overcome by increasing the aggregate output in a country. Explain THREE (3) multiplier concepts that can be applied in this problem. 
Calculate the equilibrium level of income for this economy. 
Calculate the balance of trade when the economy is at equilibrium and interpret the answer. 
Calculate the level of output Japan needs to achieve in order to maintain a balanced trade account. 
Determine the values of government multiplier and tax multiplier in open economy for Japan. Explain which multiplier has greater impact on the economy. 
"Assume that an economy is initially below the natural rate of output, due to the stock market crash in 2008. Explain what policy the government can implement in order to return the output to the natural level by using appropriate diagram."
Define economic growth. List and explain how the public policies can promote economic growth. 
"The Malaysian economy is currently operating at the natural level of output. In order to be a high-income country in 2020, government of Malaysia decides to increase the government spending. Discuss the effects of the event on the price level, unemployment and output in the long run and short run in Malaysia with appropriate diagrams."
"Explain how currency depreciation will affect export, import and the balance of trade of the country. "
Explain how human capital can lead to economic growth. 
Define terms of trade and identify which country has an absolute advantage in the production of jade and diamond. 
Suppose the two countries wish to specialize and trade. Specifically determine and explain which country enjoys comparative advantage in the production of jade and diamond. 
Corporate bond is a debt contract (indenture) that requires borrowers to make periodic payment of interest and repayment of principal at the end of maturity date. Explain the type of market for corporate bond. 
Discuss FOUR (4) factors affecting exchange rate in the long run.
Define Bank Capital and elaborate the functions of Bank Capital.
"A banker's acceptance (BA) is a promised future payment, or time draft, which is accepted and guaranteed by a bank and drawn on a deposit at the bank. The BA specifies the amount of money, the date, and the person to whom the payment is due. Draw and explain the sequence of a banker's acceptance transaction. "
Describe THREE (3) advantages of the banker's acceptance towards either exporter or importer. 
Define and explain the THREE (3) steps of bringing a new security issue in primary market. 
List FIVE (5) differences between forward and future market. 
List and briefly describe FOUR (4) types of secondary equity markets. 
Explain FOUR (4) factors in the Globalization of Financial Markets. 
Describe the TWO (2) conditions that lead to bank failures. Provide the examples of bank failures that happened in the past with a specific time frame. 
Letter of credit is a written promises to pay third party on clients behalf. Explain the functions of commercial letter of credit and standby letter of credit. 
Give THREE (3) examples of common uses of standby letter of credit. 
Define solvency and liquidity. Give some simple strategies that banks can follow to avoid insolvency or illiquidity. State reasons banks might option not to adopt these strategies. 
List FIVE (5) major business activities of investment banks. 
"Municipal bonds are securities issued by local, county and state government. Identify THREE (3) types of Municipal Bonds that available in the market. "
Differentiate between repurchase agreement (repo) and reverse repurchase agreement. 
Discuss the actions of central bank towards monetary policy that will significantly influence Federal Funds Rate in short run. 
"A five-year, RM1,000 par value bond with a 6 percent semi-annual coupon is trading at current yield of 4 percent. Compute the duration of the bond. "
"Based on your knowledge, describe TWO (2) foreign bonds that are well known in the market. "
Analyze THREE (3) factors that can affect the option premium. 
Briefly explain THREE (3) main sources of banks earnings.
Describe THREE (3) deposit liabilities for commercial banks. 
"New issues are called primary issues, that reflect to the first issued of security in the primary market. Elaborate the steps of bringing a new security to the market. "
The Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 (Banking Act) restricted the asset powers of commercial banks in US to low-risk underwriting areas. List FOUR (4) requirements under Glass-Steagall Act of 1933.
Briefly explain what a Repo is. 
Elaborate THREE (3) channels of the transmission process for monetary policy. 
Illustrate the effect of an expansionary monetary policy. Justify your answer with an appropriate diagram. 
Define federal fund market. Explain in detail its importance to a bank. 
Explain FOUR (4) types of unemployment.
"Compute the duration for a five-year bond, RM1,000 par value bond with a 7 percent annual coupon which is trading at yield to maturity of 5 percent. "
Identify THREE (3) types of securities that are issued by Malaysian government. Explain each in detail. 
Discuss FOUR (4) economic roles of money market. 
The Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 and the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 created impact on commercial banks and investment banks in the US. Explain each act in detail. 
Explain FOUR (4) off-balance-sheet banking activities which are important but not recorded in a bank's balance sheet. 
"If the value of the bond is RM900 and coupon are paid semi-annually, compute the yield to maturity (YTM) and the current yield of the bond. Interpret your answers. "
Explain the relationship between bond price and market interest rate using the bond pricing formula. 
"Differentiate bonds that are traded at par, premium and discount."
Illustrate by using appropriate diagram(s) the effects of the most commonly and the least used monetary policy tool on the market interest rate if the central bank implements the expansionary monetary policy.
Vince longs a put option on Junebank's stock with a strike price at RM13. Currently Junebank's stock is priced at RM15 and the option premium is RM1.50. Advise Vince whether or not to exercise the option. Justify your answer. 
"""The monetary policy is always useful in stimulating the economic growth by increasing the money supply in the market."" Comment on this statement. Support your answer with an appropriate diagram. "
“China has been practicing low exchange rate for previous decades.” Clarify the pros and cons under this practice. 
Explain the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
Differentiate between commercial letter of credit and standby letter of credit. 
Draw an expiry profit diagram for the GCB bank’s position. 
Explain the profit and loss for Alice and GCB bank. 
Elaborate FIVE (5) factors that will influence the demand and supply of a currency. 
"By using an appropriate diagram, explain how the open market operation (OMO) can put an upward pressure on the federal fund rate (FFR)."
Banks act as an important institution in the financial system. Briefly explain what a bank run is and provide THREE (3) causes that lead to its occurrence. 
Explain what a junk bond is and its role in the financial market. 
Suggest and explain TWO (2) ways to measure a bank's profitability. 
"""An increase in the money supply will lead to an increase in the market equilibrium interest rate.” Comment and justify the above statement with an appropriate diagram. "
Differentiate primary and secondary reserves of a bank. List THREE (3) examples for each reserve. 
“The US dollar hit its highest levels in years shortly after Donald Trump won the presidential election in November 2016.” The statement above refers to the strong dollar scenario. Explain the pros and cons under this scenario. 
Explain Eurocurrency and its market. 
Stock market serves as an important predictor of economic activities. Explain how the stock market values can predict real economic activity. 
Explain the differences between forward and futures contract. 
Discuss ONE (1) limitation and benefit of duration. 
"Justify the following statement: “The value of a putable bond is never greater than the value of an otherwise comparable option-free bond."""
"Define and discuss the Sharpe, Treynor, and Jensen measures of portfolio performance evaluation by identifying the situations in which each measure is the most appropriate measure. "
Briefly explain FOUR (4) advantages and disadvantages of option trading. 
"The correlation between the S&P 500 index fund and the emerging market fund is zero. Consider portfolio A, which consists of 80% of the S&P index fund and 20% of the emerging-market fund. Calculate portfolio A's expected return and standard deviation. "
Explain FOUR (4) benefits of mutual fund investment. 
Discuss the implications of Efficient Market Hypothesis for Technician (Chartist) and Fundamentalist. 
Consider a zero coupon bond with a par value of $1000 that has a current price of $436.19 and matures in 10 years. Compute its yield to maturity. 
"Calculate Sharpe's measure for the AOV Portfolio and the market. Compare the TWO (2) measures, and assess the performance of the AOV's portfolio during the year just ended. "
"Calculate Treynor's measure for AOV's Portfolio and the market. Compare the TWO (2) measures, and assess the performance of the AOV's portfolio during the year just ended. "
Calculate Jensen's measure (Jensen's alpha). Use it to assess the performance of the AOV's Portfolio during the year just ended. 
Describe characteristics and importance of secondary market.
"""Portfolio management strategies are different based on investor's risk preferences and expected return”. Based on above statement, briefly discuss TWO (2) major portfolio management strategies. "
Distinguish between stock dividend and stock split by providing one relevant example. 
The option's premium represents the price of the option that change over time. Discuss FOUR (4) factors that affecting premium of an option.
"""Trading strategies used by investors of futures and forwards markets help to maintain market efficiency"". Based on the above statement, Differentiate between all THREE (3) main trading strategy used by futures and forward markets' investors.. "
Define put-call parity. Discuss its implications and how arbitrageurs could take advantage of arbitrage opportunities for both options. 
Identify and elaborate FOUR (4) determinants of an option's premium.
Discuss THREE (3) differences between futures and forward contracts.
"Market anomalies are research findings that do not support market efficiency hypothesis; that is, they are evidence that inefficiencies do exist. Discuss FIVE (5) common market anomalies. "
"“The efficient market hypothesis (EMH) states it is impossible to consistently outperform an efficient market and the only way an investor can possibly obtain higher returns is by purchasing riskier investments."" Justify the statement. "
Discuss TWO (2) key differences between stock warrants and stock options. 
"Explain the trading behavior of hedger, speculator and arbitrageur."
Determine the intrinsic value of KMK Corporation's common stock. 
"Suggest your recommendation on the investment of KMK Corporation's common stock, if the stock price is traded at $25 currently. "
Explain why contango and backwardation happen in the commodity market. 
A bond fund manager decided to allocate certain percentage of the portfolio in foreign bond market to improve the reward-to-risk ratio. Briefly explain THREE (3) specific risks related to investing in international bond market. 
Determine the Macaulay duration and estimate the bond price if the yield increases by 100 basis points. 
Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky believe that many stock investors are far from fully rational. Explain FOUR (4) common factors that create irrational market behavior. 
Discuss the potential profit and loss for the long straddle. 
"""Instead of focusing only on investing in local market, some investors also invest in foreign market"". Justify above statement by providing FOUR (4) benefits of investing in foreign market. "
"""Portfolio management strategies are different based on the investor's risk preferences and expected return"". Based on above statement, explain TWO (2) major portfolio management strategies. "
Distinguish between stock dividend and stock split by providing one relevant example. 
"Discuss in detail the Sharpe, Treynor, and Jensen measures of portfolio performance evaluation, by identifying the situations in which each measure is the most appropriate measure. "
"""Investment strategies used by the investors of futures and forward markets help to maintain market efficiency"". Based on the above statement, differentiate THREE (3) main investment strategies used by futures and forward markets' investors. "
Provide arguments on how these investment strategies help in maintaining market efficiency. 
Describe characteristics and importance of secondary market. 
Discuss FOUR (4) reasons why Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) is not the best model to estimate returns. 
"“Instead of focusing only on investing in local market, some investors also invest in foreign market”.  Justify above statement by providing FOUR (4) benefits of investing in foreign market. "
Discuss in detail the THREE (3) major asset allocation strategies in managing portfolio. 
"According to many researchers, market inefficiencies do exist in most of the stock markets in the world and also known as market anomalies. This situation is contradicted to market efficiency hypothesis. Describe SIX (6) market inefficiencies that commonly happen in the stock markets. "
Discuss FOUR (4) risks involved in trading US-dollar denominated crude palm oil futures contract (FUPO). 
Define and explain reinvestment risk with an example. 
Define Put-Call Parity and express it in equation. 
Audit committee is responsible to implement and support the monitoring function of the board of directors. Develop a list of best practices for audit committee meeting. 
Nomination committee plays a crucial role in ensuring the continuity of the board of directors into the future. Analyse the functions of nomination committee in the context of corporate governance. 
Majority shareholders may be opportunistic at the expense of minority  shareholders due to their controlling stake in the company. Explain majority agency problem in the context of corporate governance. 
Shareholder activism is an important governance mechanism because this is how minority shareholders exercise and enforce their rights. Comment on the effectiveness of shareholder activism. 
There are several corporate governance tools available for institutional shareholders activism. Differentiate shareholder resolution and proxy voting
Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (2012) stipulates that there should  not be any domination of power by any individual in the board. Responsibilities of the CEO and the Chairperson must be clearly defined and separated in order to ensure a balance of power and authority. Evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of CEO duality.
Company directors remain the most important group of people who monitor  and control the company on behalf of the shareholders. Explain the SIX (6) roles of company directors.
Independent Non-Executive Directors (INEDs) play crucial roles in the  assurance of effective corporate governance of public listed companies. Provide an assessment on the contributions of INEDs in promoting effective corporate governance. 
"Being outside directors, Independent Non-Executive Directors (INEDs) do not work in the company on a daily basis. Their hands are tied due to the nature of their positions. Provide an assessment on the limitations of INEDs in the context of corporate governance "
"Internal control system is among the most prominent monitoring mechanisms in promoting effective corporate governance. Assuming you are the manager of purchasing department, provide TWELVE (12) recommendations on how to prevent staffs from making personal gains from their positions."
"One of the biggest challenges in corporate governance is to deal with manipulation of accounting profits. Propose NINE (9) suggestions to the Malaysian regulatory bodies on how to prevent manipulation of accounts. Your recommendations have to be new and must not overlap with the existing Malaysian laws, guidelines and systems. "
"Company director can be removed by the shareholders during general meetings. However, the office of a director can become vacant under certain circumstances. Discuss FOUR (4) criteria for vacation of office."
"Director independence is a pivotal element of corporate governance. Illustrate the requirements of ""Persons Connected with Directors"" as stipulated under Companies Act 2016 Section 197(1). "
"Related party transaction is a transaction entered into by a PLC or its subsidiaries, which involved the interest of the related party. Justify the reasons for disclosure of related party transaction. "
Short term and long term incentives have their own merits in promoting corporate performance. Compare and contrast the problems associated with both short term and long term incentives. 
The Higgs Report (2003) is among the first report that discusses the importance of Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (Senior INED). Analyse the rationales of having Senior INED in a company. 
Companies must take reasonable steps to ensure that their investors enjoy equal access to material information. Briefly describe SIX (6) corporate disclosure policies under Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR). 
The scope of institutional shareholder activism includes attempts made to bring about changes in a company's behavior for adoption of good governance practices. Differentiate shareholder resolution and proxy voting as the two major tools for institutional shareholder to promote corporate governance. 
The independence of external auditors is extremely critical due to their roles in providing true and fair view on a company financial position. Develop THREE (3) safeguards to reduce the threats on external auditors' independence. 
Managing and engaging stakeholders have gained important grounds in corporate decision making. Provide your justifications for companies to adopt stakeholder model. 
There is always an appeal for institutional shareholders to assume an active role in corporate governance. Create a list of key recommendations for institutional shareholders activism based on Myners Report (1995).
Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG 2017) encourages Board of Directors to improve shareholders' participations in decision making. Provide recommendations that will lead to more constructive use of Annual General Meeting (AGM). 
Institutional shareholders do not always fare better than the minority shareholders in promoting shareholder activism. Assess the impediments of institutional shareholder activism. 
Criticize the issues in Principal – Agent Theory.
State and discuss the approach as prescribed in Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG) 2017. 
"List FIVE (5) suggestions on how Malaysian public listed company director in Malaysia can perform  'Duty to use Reasonable Care, Skill & Diligence'. "
State 'corporate governance' definition as mentioned in Cadbury Report (1992). Explain Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG) 2017 “corporate governance' definition in details. 
Suggest FIVE (5) actions that Public Mutual Berhad (PMB) can consider in championing the institutional shareholder activism. 
Explain the criteria to be a substantial shareholder in Malaysia. Illustrate what and when a substantial shareholder of a listed company need to comply when he/she holds the directorship in it. 
Highlight the important issues discussed in Greenbury Report 1995. 
Evaluate the characteristics of the board in a two-tier board structure. 
Identify FIVE (5) conditions that one needs to meet in order to be an independent director in Malaysian public listed company (PLC).
Discuss the components that are integral to the internal control framework in a public listed company. 
Construct an executive remuneration package using the remuneration framework as a guide. 
Provide justifications as to why integrity and reliability is important in a company's annual report and accounts (ARAS) from corporate governance point of view.
"The internet has been considered as a low cost option for selling products and services. From a firm's perspective, explain FOUR (4) factors that add to the cost of doing business on the internet. "
“Firms can use existing brand names or create new brands on the internet”. Evaluate on the above statement. 
"Discuss the level of trust consumers place in digital media, and how that trust helps or hinders e-marketers. "
"Discuss the role of an infomediary in the online distribution system and evaluate the benefits of this type of distribution system to the consumer, infomediary and advertiser. "
"Search engines are key means of attracting traffic to websites. As a new marketing executive with Munchy's Malaysia, recommend THREE (3) tactics used in search engine marketing (SEM). "
"Discuss the adoption issues surrounding Facebook and internet, as well as their implications for e-marketers. "
Define social commerce and discuss its advantages for e-marketers.
Information technology can be expensive. Identify and explain FIVE (5) factors that put upward pressure on internet pricing for online retailer. 
"""Firms can use existing brand names or create new brands on the internet"". Evaluate the above statement. "
"Media planners want both effective and efficient media buys. In your role as a new media planner of a digital marketing agency, explain how would you know you have made an effective advertising buy over the internet. "
The internet increases customer benefits in many ways that have revolutionised marketing practices. Discuss with examples THREE (3) ways in which internet increases customer benefits from products offered online.
"CRM technology helps companies to collect information about consumer behaviour, conversations and characteristics. As a new digital marketing manager with an online retailer, suggest FIVE (5) ways how you can collect data and push customised information to customers. "
Market research firms and product review sites are examples of infomediary. Discuss the role and benefits of an infomediary model in the online distribution system. 
E-mail marketing has evolved rapidly alongside the technological growth of the 21st century. Discuss FIVE (5) reasons why e-mail marketing is still a growth area in digital marketing. 
The 'creators' and critics' are the most desired social segments. Explain how social media marketers are able to increase these segments' level of involvement in the social media. 
The internet is ideal for gathering people from all corners of the globe into communities with similar interests and tasks. Recommend THREE (3) ways that can be used to target online communities. 
An important step in Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is to identify relevant keywords for your website. Suggest THREE (3) offline keyword research methods and TWO (2) online keyword research methods in your keyword research efforts. 
"Assume that you have been assigned to run a Google Ads search advertising campaign for a new café in Kampar, Perak. Recommend FIVE (5) strategies to develop a successful search advertising campaign for the café."
Standard ad formats such as leaderboard and skyscraper are common in digital display advertising. Propose FIVE (5) other creative ad formats which are more interactive and engaging. 
You have been assigned by your employer to manage their Instagram and Facebook business page. Suggest FIVE (5) ways to increase engagement with your social media users. 
E-mail newsletters are still popular communication strategy for digital marketers. Suggest FIVE (5) ways to engage with your newsletters subscribers. 
Describe the THREE (3) roles for social media in branding.
"Using Tom Duncan's levels of brand relationship intensity, explain the relationship between Apple iPhone and its customers."
You are the new online advertising consultant for Loreal Malaysia. Explain to your client SEVEN (7) important paid media metrics in online advertising.
“Millennials and kids are important market segments for e-marketers”. Discuss on the above statement. 
Briefly analyse the SIX (6) internal control procedures over the payroll process of a multinational organisation. 
"With respect to the data processing cycle of an organisation, explain the ""garbage in, garbage out"". Briefly discuss on the measures to be taken by the companies to avoid “garbage in"" data input errors. "
Name and briefly discuss the EIGHT (8) documents used in the purchase and cash disbursement process of a company. 
Briefly explain any TWO (2) advantages of real time data processing in the sales and cash receipt system. 
Describe the THREE (3) elements of problem structure of a company. Contrast a structured problem to an unstructured problem. Discuss briefly which levels of management typically deal with structured problems and with unstructured problems. 
Briefly discuss the key segregation of duties that should exist in the traditional manufacturing environment. 
"By drawing appropriate diagrams, differentiate between flat file model and database model. "
Briefly explain the SIX (6) key activities involved in the conversion cycle of a manufacturing company. 
Differentiate between general controls and application controls. Provide ONE (1) example for each. 
Briefly explain Financial Reporting System (FRS) and identify THREE (3) potential risks in FRS. 
Cost benefit analysis is a process that helps management determine whether (and by how much) the benefits exceed costs. Briefly explain FOUR (4) intangible benefits. 
Discuss the advantages of real-time data input and over batch processing in expenditure cycle. 
Define Information Systems (IS). 
Discuss in details what Accounting Information Systems (AIS) is. 
State TWO (2) subsystems of AIS. 
State your opinion on whether financial reporting system is more important than management reporting system and the appropriateness of placing more emphasis on producing non-discretionary financial reports. Provide arguments to support. 
Discuss any FOUR (4) underlying principles of lean manufacturing approach. 
Explain on the advantages of switching from a flat-file processing system to a database management system. 
Discuss THREE (3) types of anomalies associated with database tables that have not been normalized. 
Briefly explain any TWO (2) security objectives of audit trails. 
Define and contrast digital certificate and digital signature. 
Explain how transactions are audited in an electronic data interchange environment. 
List any THREE (3) pairs of system functions that should be separated in the centralized computer services organization and describe a risk exposure if the functions are not separated. 
Identify and explain another graphical diagram besides network diagram which is useful for planning and scheduling. Evaluate the graphical diagram. 
List out FOUR (4) benefits of using RFID.
Suggest any FIVE (5) dimensions of service quality that could be taken into consideration by the kindergarten management for its future operations improvement. 
Identify any TWO (2) advantages of matching demand strategy and level strategy each in preparing aggregate production plan. 
List out any SIX (6) factors to be considered when designing a layout. 
Examine cross-docking warehouse layout. 
Discuss any FOUR (4) elements which are embedded in Total Quality Management Programme. 
Examine traditional warehouse layout and cross-docking layout. 
Explain FOUR (4) process strategies you have learned. 
Discuss the importance of Philip Crosby's suggestion on “do it right the first time” by manufacturing company. 
Explain any FOUR (4) product design strategies that could help company to reduce cost. 
Compare product layout and process layout. 
Explain FOUR (4) types of process design that could be found in manufacturing companies. 
"“Goods and services design could help manufacturers to gain competitive advantages."" Justify the statement with any THREE (3) strategies. "
ABC inventory analysis is one of the methods used by manufacturing companies for effective inventory management. Explain your answer. 
Compare matching demand and level aggregate production planning. 
Briefly explain FOUR (4) manufacturing layout you have learned.
Discuss TWO (2) common methods of managing inventory adopted by manufacturing and retailing companies. 
Identify any TWO (2) product design strategies you have learned. Explain how both strategies could be useful for instant respond to customer demand. 
Suggest FOUR (4) ways logistics service provider such as FedEx practices environmental friendly principles in its operation. 
The key success of Arnold Palmer Hospital is its implementation of Total Quality Management (TQM) Programme. Describe FIVE (5) principles of TQM Programme which have been adopted by the aforesaid hospital. 
Explain any FOUR (4) product design strategies you have learned. Evaluate the importance of each strategy. 
Discuss what world-class producers do in regards to product or service design and process design. 
Identify FIVE (5) strategies to make hypermarket retail layout to be more attractive in responding to customers' various shopping behaviors.
List out FIVE (5) ways how manufacturing and service companies have commitment toward the environmental friendly practices. 
Identify SIX (6) factors to be considered when designing layout. 
“Technology has aided manufacturing and service companies in inventory management.' Justify the statement. 
State FOUR (4) reasons why level strategy is attractive to some companies in preparing aggregate production plan. 
Explain the purpose of human communication process. 
Label the human communication process diagram below.
Explain the process of consumer perception and provide ONE (1) example to support your explanation. 
List FIVE (5) weaknesses of Out-of-Home (OOH) Advertising. 
Explain the reasons of using a mixed-media approach by advertisers. 
"Marketers theorize that just as humans pass through stages in life from infancy to old age, products also pass through a product life cycle. Explain all FOUR (4) stages of a product life cycle. "
Explain briefly the effectiveness of advertising based on strategy concept. 
"Describe the effectiveness of advertising value of products, price, competition, consumer and business."
Explain FIVE (5) advantages of out-of-home (OOH) advertising.
Explain FIVE (5) disadvantages of out-of-home (OOH) advertising. 
Explain FOUR (4) benefits of using Digital-Out-Of-Home in advertising. 
List TWO (2) advantages and TWO (2) disadvantages of printed newspaper advertising.
Explain the psychological factors which influence consumer behavior. 
Discuss the negative effects of advertising on children. 
Identify FIVE (5) key players in advertising. 
List SEVEN (7) types of advertising. 
Identify FOUR (4) factors that influence consumer behaviour. 
List FIVE (5) basic types of research.
Describe the SEVEN (7) advantages of radio advertising. 
NIKE will be conducting consumer research on their footwear. Assess FIVE (5) types of consumer research that Nike can implement by providing an appropriate example for each. 
"Maslow's hierarchy of needs was developed by Abraham Maslow, a specialist in human behavioural psychology. The hierarchy was first developed to help explain the connection between basic human needs and human desires. Distinguish the hierarchy with appropriate example. "
"KOMUGI offers a deliciously authentic variety of handmade Japanese breads, cakes and confectioneries. In 23th December 2017, KOMUGI will launch its first outlets in Perak which will be located in Jusco Kinta City, Ipoh. Your client KOMUGI would like to run a coupon promotion for perakian. Design a creative coupon with catchy messages, slogans and offers to attract the perakian. "
"SUBWAY brand is the world's largest submarine sandwich chain with more than 44,000 locations around the world. This November, Subway is introducing two new combos as in the image provided below. Propose a rough layout of a poster to promote these new combos. "
Define FOUR (4) primary roles of advertising in business and society. 
Define briefly the role of marketing in advertising effectiveness. 
Explain briefly the media usage in advertising effectiveness. 
Describe FIVE (5) key players in advertising. 
Explain 4P's of marketing. 
Describe consumer behaviour. 
Explain in detail the Maslow Hierarchy of Needs. 
Draw a comprehensive poster layout design for Visit Malaysia 2020 campaign. Provide a design rationale to support your idea. 
Propose ONE (1) new local flavor Kit Kat for Malaysian consumers. Describe the need for the new flavor among the Malaysian consumer. 
Propose ONE (1) new local seafood flavor for Manhattan fish market's Malaysian consumers. Describe the need for the new flavor.
Define Chiaroscuro and Sfumato technique.
Explain TWO (2) components of art. 
Describe the Pop Art style in 1958 - 1972.
Sketch ONE (1) organic object in one layout to show harmony in shape and color. 
Sketch ONE (1) movement to show repetition in shape and color. 
"Referring to the advertisement design below, evaluate the usage of Dominance and Unity in principles of design."
Define 2 dimensional and 3 dimensional designs. 
Describe FIVE (5) categories of space.
Describe Renaissance art style. 
Draw ONE (1) point perspective with TWO (2) geometrical forms.
Draw a color wheel diagram with primary and secondary color. 
"Referring to the given poster design, explain in details the usage of elements and principles of arts. "
Define symmetrical balance and asymmetrical balance. Draw an example for each. 
Write FIVE (5) types of lines. 
List down FIVE (5) types of shapes. 
Describe Impressionism art style. 
Write THREE (3) categories of color. 
Define color temperature. 
Describe FIVE (5) techniques to achieve dominance. 
Draw similar repetition and interval repetition. 
Draw TWO (2) point perspectives with TWO (2) geometrical forms.
Describe color wheel. 
"Referring to the given poster design, explain in details the usage of elements and principles of arts. "
Explain briefly 'designer' and 'professional designer'.
"Define graphic design, product design and environmental design. Provide ONE (1) example for each. "
Explain creative brief. 
Write down the FIVE (5) phases of the design process. 
Explain briefly the design development process.
Explain the conceptual design process. 
Define problem solving processes.
Write FOUR (4) purposes of poster. 
Identify FIVE (5) problem solving processes. 
Explain FIVE (5) phases of graphic design process. 
Draw ONE (1) self-contained format and ONE (1) free form format of logo design. 
Define graphic design and product design. 
Explain the importance of visual in a poster design. 
Draw an image using light and shadow to describe form most closely simulates how we perceive forms in nature. 
Draw a front and back for business card layout. 
Draw a Picture Window layout design. 
Draw TWO (2) logo design for food and beverage products. 
Describe graphic design and product design. 
Explain the process of ideas generation. 
Explain briefly FIVE (5) strategies for effective packaging design. 
Illustrate type driven layout design for a poster. 
Explain in details FIVE (5) ways to make a brand name effective.
Write in details FIVE (5) phases of design process.
Describe the meaning of 'design'. 
Define liberal art.
Describe graphic design. 
Define brainstorming process. 
Describe material gathering process. 
Explain the meaning of creative brief.
Draw ONE (1) organic shape and ONE (1) geometric shape. Apply tone and shading.
Draw a poster layout design for Healthy Life Style. 
The structural view of language has several components. List FIVE (5) components. 
"In about 70 words, explain how the different components function in language learning. "
Teacher-prepared materials are the best form of resources for your English language lesson. State FIVE (5) factors that you would consider when preparing your resources. 
Choose ONE (1) of the factors that you mentioned in question 2(a) and briefly explain why you consider this factor is important. 
Conducting a set-induction before presentation has several advantages. List the FIVE (5) reasons for use of the set-induction in a lesson. 
Distinguish between objectives and learning outcomes when planning a lesson. 
There are several benefits for the statement of aims and learning outcomes in a lesson. Evaluate FIVE (5) benefits. 
Discuss the role of skimming and scanning as pre-reading activities. 
List and discuss briefly FIVE (5) learner-related factors when conducting an English lesson to a class of Form Two students. 
The pre-planning stage of a lesson takes into consideration several factors. Name  FIVE (5) external factors and briefly explain the importance of each of the factors. 
Discuss FIVE (5) main differences between aims and learning outcomes. 
"Write an appropriate learning outcome to teach “in”, “on”, beside', 'opposite and 'under. "
List FIVE (5) activities that you would use in the set-induction stage of a reading lesson Keeping our rivers clean. 
Choose ONE (1) activity and describe briefly how you plan to carry it out in your reading lesson. 
There are several factors that influence language teaching and language learning. Name  and briefly explain the FIVE (5) external factors that you would consider when teaching English Language. 
Skimming and scanning are useful ways to familiarise learners with the reading text.  Evaluate the role of skimming and scanning in the teaching of reading.
"Using the process approach in writing composition, describe the activities you would  carry out to write a composition entitled 'A visit to a zoo in a Form 1 class. "
Differentiate spoken and written language in FIVE (5) aspects. 
Illustrate the stages of product approach of teaching ESL writing. Use appropriate examples. 
List FIVE (5) guidelines for spokesperson to follow during the media interview. 
Identify FIVE (5) points on how social media can be utilized by the organization during a crisis. Elaborate your answers with explanation for each point. 
Discuss FOUR (4) tactics that can be used by a spokesperson to handle different types of questions from the media. Provide your discussions with an appropriate example for each tactic. 
Explain FOUR (4) categories of unintentional crisis. Provide your answer with an appropriate example for each category. 
Identify FOUR (4) statements should be avoided by spokesperson as the representative of an organization during a press conference. Elaborate your answer with an example for each statement. 
Identify FOUR (4) types of key publics that McDonald's Malaysia has to notify about the crisis. Explain your answer with appropriate example for each of the publics. 
Evaluate TWO (2) strategies that have been implemented by McDonald's Malaysia in handling the crisis. Provide a justification and an example to support your answer for each of the strategies. 
Predict FIVE (5) impacts of the crisis towards McDonald's Malaysia if they are not handling the crisis properly. 
Explain FIVE (5) characteristics of social media. 
List FIVE (5) categories of Intentional Crises and FIVE (5) categories of Unintentional Crises. 
Identify FOUR (4) major crisis variables in organizing and analyzing crisis evolution data. Support your answer with explanation and ONE (1) example for each variable. 
Discuss FIVE (5) stages of crisis management. Provide your discussion with ONE (1) appropriate example for each stage. 
Identify FIVE (5) lists giving advices of how organization can cominunicate with the public during the crisis. Explain your answer with ONE (1) example for each advice given. 
Explain FIVE (5) key components of organization crisis definition.
List FIVE (5) types of trick questions.
Discuss the TWO (2) steps of Crisis Management Performance (CMP) evaluation process. Provide an appropriate example for each step. 
Identify TWO (2) functions of crisis communication that must be addressed when communicating with internal stakeholder during a crisis. Explain your answer with an exarnple for each function. 
Explain the FOUR (4) roles of media during a crisis. Support your explanation with an appropriate example for each role. 
Identify the type of crisis based on time as a critical variable. 
List TEN (10) components of an effective crisis communication plan.
Explain FIVE (5) ways that can be practiced by the organization to communicate during the crisis. 
Identify TEN (10) tips during the press conference. 
Explain the THREE (3) processes of forming a public opinion. Provide your answers with an example for each process. 
Discuss FOUR (4) key components that involve in explaining an organizational crisis. Explain your answer with an example for each component. 
"As a spokesperson that is handling the crisis, identify TWO (2) potential trick questions that might be asked by the reporters during the press conference. Provide your answer with explanation and an example for each trick question identified. "
Sleep is a local phenomenon. Explain how this is possible. Provide TWO (2) examples to illustrate this. 
Reason why a pornographic viewer's mind is likened to an addict's mind. Provide TWO (2) points. 
Critically discuss on human's need to maintain a temperature of 37°C. Provide TWO (2) points. 
Treating emotion as a useful concept is challenging. Critically discuss why treating emotion as a useful concept is challenging. Provide TWO (2) points. 
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that facilitate early childhood development from the physiological psychology perspectives. Elaborate your answers with examples. 
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that facilitate healthy adolescence development from the physiological psychology perspectives. Elaborate your answers with examples. 
Assess THREE (3) brain structures that are associated with the language / speech function. Elaborate your answers with example. 
"Imagine that you are a relative of an older adult who survives stroke, suggest FOUR (4) strategies to further promote the wellbeing of the individual. "
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that improve adolescents' sleep from the physiological psychology perspectives. 
Describe what happens during the negative feedback loop of thermoregulation. 
Reason why hunger cannot be simplified as yet another homeostatic process. Provide TWO (2) points. 
Dopamine and glutamate have both been implicated as causes of schizophrenia. Discuss THREE (3) evidences each in relation to the dopamine and glutamate theories of schizophrenia. 
Suggest FOUR (4) recommendations in dealing with intersexes. 
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that reduce sleep deprivation from the physiological psychology perspectives. Elaborate your answers with examples. 
Evaluate THREE (3) neurocognitive difficulties that may be experienced by people with suicidal-related behaviors. 
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that improve individuals' psychological well-being from the physiological psychology perspectives. Elaborate your answers with examples. 
"Assess THREE (3) brain structures that are associated with wakefulness, arousal, and sleep. Elaborate your answers with example. "
Assess THREE (3) brain structures that are associated with movement. Elaborate your answers with example. 
"Imagine that you are a relative of an older adult who is initially diagnosed to be living with Parkinson's disease, suggest FOUR (4) strategies to further promote the wellbeing of the individual. "
"Response and Task-Based Learning are methods often used in an  classroom. Differentiate the two methods by describing THREE (3) characteristics for each method, and give examples of ONE (1) material and ONE (1) activity using that material. "
"Give FIVE (5) examples of how a song can enhance a literature class, with an elaboration for each example given. "
Define instructional materials based on your understanding. 
List TWO (2) importance of using instructional materials in teaching.
Examine the use of pedagogical reasoning skills by teachers to enhance the usage of instructional materials in classroom. 
Jolly and Bolitho (1998) proposed a 7-stage framework to show the process of material design. Apply the framework through use of media to teach 14 year old students action verbs. State the type of media that is going to be used for the lesson. 
Define instructional materials. 
List THREE (3) usages of instructional materials to facilitate classroom teaching and learning process. 
Examine FIVE (5) advantages of using video as instructional materials to primary school students. 
Rewriting and restructuring are the methods to modify instructional material when it is adapted. Illustrate both methods by adapting a short story to teach speaking to intermediate proficiency students. 
Define instructional materials. Provide an example of an instructional material for a subject. 
Analyse the usage of a reading passages to enhance reading and thinking skills for  Form 4 students with a high proficiency level. 
Describe focused task and how it can be used to teach grammar for low  proficiency students. 
Explain FOUR (4) criteria of instructional materials by Tomlinson (2001). 
"There are five (5) techniques in adapting materials as conjured by McDonough, Shaw and Matsuhara (2012). Elaborate on the ADDING technique to adapt a topic in a course book to teach present tense to Form 1 low proficiency students by using example. "
"Describe dictogloss and how it can be used to teach listening, writing and  speaking skills for intermediate proficiency students. "
Define instructional materials and provide an example of it. 
Explain how instructional materials can facilitate the teaching and learning process. Give ONE (1) example. 
Define teachers' Pedagogical Reasoning Skills and explain how it helps teachers use instructional materials in classroom. 
Deleting and abridging are methods to modify instructional material when it is adapted. Illustrate both methods by adapting a short story to teach reading and writing skills to intermediate proficiency students.
Discuss TWO (2) disadvantages of tokenism that is usually used to create a positive image of the system that the system is fair and without discrimination. 
Support your views with ONE (1) example for each disadvantage. 
Propose TWO (2) strategies to reduce the occurrence of bullying.
Support your views with ONE (1) example for each strategy.
Propose TWO (2) factors that are relevant to the initiation of conflict in group. 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example for each factor.
Analyze the effect of similarity-dissimilarity on attraction by using TWO (2) theories. 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for each theory. 
Identify TWO (2) types of personality that are relevant to aggression. 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example from everyday life for each type of personality. 
Identify TWO (2) strategies that are able to reduce the likelihood of an eyewitness reporting someone who did not commit the crime. 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for each strategy. 
Define schemas. 
Distinguish automatic processing and controlled processing of information. Support your answer with TWO (2) relevant examples. Elaborate your examples in details. 
Define attitudes. 
Distinguish central and peripheral routes to information processing. Support your answer with TWO (2) relevant examples. Elaborate your examples in details. 
"Based on the social learning perspective, propose a strategy that able to reduce or eliminate prejudice. Support your strategy with ONE (1) relevant example. Elaborate your example in details. "
Propose a line-up procedure that police departments can use to improve the accuracy. of eyewitness testimony. Support your proposal with ONE (1) relevant example. Elaborate your example in details. 
Propose a strategy that minority can use to influence the majority. Support your answer with ONE (1) relevant example. Elaborate your example in details. 
Propose TWO (2) self-presentation tactics for impression management. 
Support your views with TWO (2) examples in everyday life for each tactic. 
Propose TWO (2) strategies that a minority opinion can overtake the majority and be accepted. 
Support your views with TWO (2) examples from everyday life for each origins. 
Propose TWO (2) strategies to resist persuasion. 
Support your answers with TWO (2) examples in everyday life for each strategy. 
Define attribution. 
Explain TWO theories of causal attribution that was proposed by Jones and Davis (1965) and Kelley (1972). 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for EACH theory. 
Define prosocial behaviors. 
Identify FOUR (4) factors that affect the willingness of people to perform prosocial behaviors. 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example from everyday life for ANY TWO factor. 
Define prejudice. 
Identify TWO (2) perspectives that are able to explain the origin of prejudice. 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for EACH perspective. 
List down the environmental factors that an international marketer should consider. 
Define the Demographic characteristics.
The Political-Legal Environment of the Home Country is included In International marketing and advertising. Explain the Trade Sanctions and Export and Import Controls. 
Discuss political risk in the Political-Legal Environment of the Host Country. 
Discuss Individualism vs. Collectivism in Hofstede's Dimensions of Culture. 
Explain THREE (3) data collection challenges in advertising research.
Explain on global and local approach in coordinating and controlling the international advertising.
Describe the advantages of Product Standardization. 
Explain the Mandatory of Product Adaptation. 
Explain the consideration of pricing objectives in marketing mix. 
Mass media regularly use women in the mediuin of marketing and advertising. Discuss the possible negative consequences for various segments of the population and society. 
Discuss the relationship between advertising and children. 
Discuss the impact of advertising on children. 
Identify and explain FIVE (5) countries that ban advertising to children. 
Explain the function of International Monetary Fund (IMF). 
Explain on Brand Piracy. 
Explain the packaging and labeling decisions. 
Explain the anti-advertising consumer organizations culture. 
Explain the effect of stereotyping young teenage in advertising on society. 
Describe the Concept of Culture.
Illustrate TWO (2) Implications for International Advertisers 
Barbie Dolls have been banned in some of countries. Provide FOUR (4) countries and evaluate the reason behind the ban. 
"For international marketers, economic factors are important. Explain why economic factors are important to them. "
Explain FIVE (5) reasons for the importance of global markets to marketers. 
Outline the FIVE (5) options marketers have when it comes to Agency Selection. 
Explain THREE (3) waves of globalisation. 
Describe the challenges in global advertising. 
"Due to saturated domestic markets, large firms were looking for foreign countries for new customers. Explain why China has been choose as a new market. "
Explain whether using women as sexual objects can grab the viewer's attention and lend to interest to a product or service. 
Identify the role of advertising in global women's magazines and local women's magazine. 
Describe the function of International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Identify THREE (3) classification system of economy. 
Summarise the challenges of global advertising. 
Identify any FIVE (5) significances of nonverbal communication in organization. 
Explain formal network. 
Illustrate Blake and Mouton's Managerial Grid leadership styles using a diagram. Explain each of the management style identified. 
Discuss FIVE (5) factors that are most likely to influence the effectiveness of upward communication. 
"List any FIVE (5) themes identified by Tom Peters and Robert Waterman for “excellent  organizations"". "
Identify FIVE (5) Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs based on organizational context. 
Identify FIVE (5) effects of organizational communication technology towards communication pattern. 
Define organizational culture according to Schein (1990). 
"Discuss FIVE (5) principles that are central to relational leadership by Komives, Lucas and McMahon (1998). Provide ONE (1) example for each principle. "
Draw and label the model of Karl Weick's Theory of Organizing. 
List FIVE (5) phases of organizational conflict described by Pondy (1967). 
List FIVE (5) elements in downward communication.
Evaluate any FIVE (5) power bases. Provide a relevant example for each power base. 
"Explain FIVE (5) causes of ""glass ceiling by providing a relevant example for each cause. "
Informal communication network roles are equally important as formal ones. Describe any FOUR (4) of the influential roles and discuss the benefits each of the roles can bring to organizations. 
Describe the FOUR (4) main phases of The Hawthorne Studies. Support your description with the significance of each of the phases. 
Hersey and Blanchard (1977) style of leadership specifies that a leader's behavior corresponds to employees' level of maturity. Explain the FOUR (4) styles of Situational Leadership and support your answer with an example for each of the styles on whom they should be applied in an organization. 
Explain any FOUR (4) elements of vertical downward communication. Support your explanation with an example for each element on how they are beneficial to an organization. 
Explain the Media Richness Model. Use the model to discuss how managers can pick the best channel in communicating with staff and support your discussion with a scenario. 
Explain distributive bargaining and integrative bargaining. 
Discuss THREE (3) factors influencing the conflict management process. Support each of your answers with ONE (1) relevant example. 
Explain TWO characteristics of rich media. 
Discuss THREE (3) consequences of technology on organizational communication. Provide ONE (1) relevant example for each answer. 
Define Classical approach and Human Relations approach. 
"Within an organization, each employee holds different roles in the informal communication networks. Explain any FOUR (4) roles with an example for each role. "
"Draw the ""onion model that represents Schein's Model of Organizational Culture. "
Discuss the THREE (3) levels of organizational culture outlined by Schein. Provide your discussion with an example for each level. 
Explain the FIVE (5) stages of organizational conflict according to Pondy's (1967) model. 
Compare any FIVE (5) differences between formal networks and informal networks. 
Thomas (1976) has identified five styles in resolving a conflict such as avoidance. Explain the other FOUR (4) styles in resolving a conflict. 
Explain the SIX (6) power bases that determine effective leadership. Provide an example for each of the answers.
"In a two-column table, list FIVE (5) tools used in the technology-integrated instruction and the traditional instruction respectively."
Generalize FIVE (5) ways to use digital photography in classroom teaching and learning.
Analyze FIVE (5) disadvantages of multimedia in education. 
Elaborate FOUR (4) advantages of using Web 2.0 and 3.0 in teaching and learning. 
"Explain how the Utilize technology, media and materials stage in ASSURE model can help creating a more effective teaching and learning environment. "
"As an educator, evaluate FIVE (5) advantages and FIVE (5) disadvantages of using technology in education. "
Define the basic concepts involved in incorporating technology in teaching English language at secondary school level. 
Illustrate with example the FOUR (4) advantages of photography. 
Categorize FIVE (5) advantages of multimedia in primary school education. 
Relate FOUR (4) disadvantages of Web-based learning as an emerging digital technology used in teaching and learning.
Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for low proficiency primary year 6 students. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. 
Evaluate your sketch with ADDIE's model procedure. 
Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for advanced level primary year 6 students. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. 
Evaluate your sketch with ASSURE's model procedure. 
"Technology has been used in most schools since the 90s, but it still has some interruptions. Validate the top FOUR (4) problematic issues with technology in education today. "
Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) is a developing trend in media and technology. Predict the future of higher education with MOOC. 
Each of the FOUR (4) different historical perspectives have a unique outlook on Educational Technology and defines it in a slightly different way. List and discuss the FOUR (4) perspectives. 
Describe the 5 hierarchical stages of Welliver's Instructional Transformation Model. 
Explain FOUR (4) advantages of using multimedia in classroom. 
Interpret FIVE (5) emerging trends of technology application in education. 
"Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for a writing lesson with 12 high proficiency students, aged 10. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. "
Evaluate your sketch with ADDIE's model procedure.
"Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for a grammar lesson with 10 low proficiency students, aged 13. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. "
Evaluate your sketch with ASSURE's model procedure. 
Define the basic concepts of Educational Technology. 
"Provide a guideline for effective use of photography of display materials"" in teaching of English language. "
Categorize the basic concepts of multimedia with an example for each. 
Analyze FOUR (4) advantages of mobile assisted learning as an emerging digital technology used in teaching and learning. 
Define Educational Technology based on FIVE (5) instructional design view. 
Relate FIVE (5) examples on how video often make new connections and discoveries between curriculum topics and the world outside the classroom. 
Explain all the elements of multimedia with examples. 
Interpret FIVE (5) usage of Learning Management System as an emerging technology in the context of teaching and learning.
Explain the term inflation as used in building economics. 
Outline TWO (2) main causes of inflation. 
Elaborate the term of national income as used in building economics.
Explain FIVE (5) characteristics of the construction sector. 
Sketch a diagram to illustrate the activities and products in the construction industry. 
Describe FIVE (5) limitations of small size construction firms in Malaysia. 
The price of good is one of the internal factors of determinants of demands and it also depends on the cost of production. Describe the TWO (2) types of production cost with examples. 
You are working with SP Setia Properties as the Sales Manager for the following project. Discuss EIGHT (8) ways to increase profits of the project. 
"Your profit from previous project is RM30,000.00 and you just won a new project to construct a new airport runway at Sepang, Selangor. Decide whether you are going to purchase the bulldozer or pay out bonuses to your staff. Use the concept of opportunities cost, choices and scarcity to aid your explanation. "
Discuss the roles of construction industry in a country's growth. Provide evidences on how construction industries worldwide have contributed to the economic growths of their respective countries to enhance your discussions.
Elaborate in general how construction industry is managed by the government and in detail how a government strategy to improve the industry can be delivered effectively.
There are a number of factors influencing the productivity of a sector of the economy. Explain accordingly. 
There is a relationship between the level of construction activity and a country's stage of development. Discuss.
Analyse the challenges facing a government in managing the construction economy and suggest the ways to overcome them.
Explain the basic concepts in construction economics as introduced by Myers (2017).
The construction industry comprises a wide diversity of firms that it is impossible to categorise them all within one type of market structure. Discuss.
"In their efforts to achieve their macroeconomic objectives, all governments, regardless of political persuasion, employ the same types of policy instrument. Discuss."
Calculate the market demand and market supply in table form. 
Draw the market demand and supply curve. 
Describe SIX (6) factors that are affecting supply in the construction industry. 
Draw a production possibility curve to show the combination of flats and houses which could be achieved on the site. 
Explain THREE (3) difficulties in calculating national income accounting. 
National income accounting refers to a set of rules and techniques that are used to measure the national income of a country. Explain the EIGHT (8) reasons why national income accounting is important. 
National income can be calculated using three approaches. State the THREE (3) approaches.
Calculate the market demand and market supply in table form. 
Draw the ‘market demand' and 'supply curve'. 
"Discuss the comparison between the microeconomics and macroeconomics field of study in term of production, prices, income and employment. "
Identify and describe the FOUR (4) criteria for judging economic outcomes. 
Define the term 'Production Possibility Curve' as used in the timber and steel factory. 
"Discuss the THREE (3) important fundamentals in basic economic concepts that are opportunity cost, efficient market and marginalism. "
"For any points which fall under the curve, explain the combination of production for steel and bricks. "
"For any points which fall outside the curve, explain the combination of production for steel and bricks. "
"For any points which fall exactly on the curve, explain the combination of production for steel and bricks. "
Define and explain 'Fiscal Policy' in terms of its objectives and differentiate between the 'Discretionary Fiscal Policy' and 'Automatic Fiscal Policy'. 
"Define and list out the objectives of monetary policy, the quantitative versus qualitative instruments of monetary policy."
Discuss the comparison between 'Quantitative Instruments' and 'Qualitative Instruments' of monetary policy. 
National income accounting refers to a set of rules and techniques that are used to measure the national income of a country. Explain EIGHT (8) significant factors of national income accounting. 
Identify and describe THREE (3) difficulties in calculating national income accounting.
State the THREE (3) approaches to calculate national income.
You are appointed to identify building defects for a new building. Briefly identify SIX (6) common construction problems you would expect for modern buildings. 
You are conducting a building survey for a 2 year old building where you reported premature building decay. Explain the possible factors that may cause these defects to the building owner. 
Building Information Modeling (BIM) claims to enhance construction efficiency. Discuss THREE (3) benefits you would utilize and their importance to your project. 
In a building there is always concern with fire safety. List what aspects you would assess in order to achieve strict compliance in the building design. 
"As a project manager, you are evaluating the building design for its compliance to intended function as a private college accommodating over 2000 students. Analyze the problems and propose the building performance to meet these functions. "
Describe the concept or purpose of Qlassic and CIS (Construction Industry Standards) documents. 
Briefly list the different types of building maintenance. 
"As a supervisor for the brickworks, List FOUR (4) aspects of brick quality control in order to produce good architectural work. "
Discuss FOUR (4) common modern construction problems to anticipate. 
"Propose a suitable preparatory demolition survey, method and shoring where some partial demolition work is included for the rear building portion. "
Describe the factors affecting premature building decay. 
Provide the objectives of building maintenance. 
"Design a sketch section of the floor slab adjoining the parapet that includes the scupper drain, drain guard, water proofing layer, and protective topping. "
"Propose solutions to reinforced concrete flat roof defects experienced in Malaysia, such as water ponding, material exposure to solar radiation, poor maintenance culture and concrete spalling due to leaks from cold joints and stress cracks. "
Analyze and explain the critical purpose of the components design of a raking shore to avoid façade retention failure. 
Describe the basic Qlassic inspection tools used and how they are used to detect the various types of defects for their assessment of quality.
Describe THREE (3) types of test that can be applied for a concrete structure survey. 
Describe the purposes of utilizing Building Information Modelling in the construction industry. 
Analyze SIX (6) types of modern construction problems as to how they negatively impact the various building functions. 
Discuss FIVE (5) types of “Non Destructive Test equipment and how they can be used to aid the sensory indicators of building defects.
Discuss the types of building defects commonly found on reinforced concrete flat roof which lead to water leaking and concrete cancer and how their cause of defects are defined under ISO 6241. 
"In maintaining concrete quality, identify SEVEN (7) good practices on site. "
Describe the THREE (3) causes of concrete blister. 
Explain the conditions where underpinning are usually considered for an existing building construction works. 
Identify what types of brickwork defects that require rejection from the supervisor. 
Discuss the best practices to reduce construction demolition and waste for sustainability. 
You are a project manager working on a 8 storey building conservation project located in a congested urban area with poor soil bearing capacity and underground public utilities. Propose to the building owner why an internally braced shoring system is preferable to raking shore and weighted vertical dead shores. 
"Propose with justification, the types of maintenance relevant to a library building. "
Describe the 'Qlassic Assessment' principles on how to perform the evaluation. 
"Draw a body-centered cubic (BCC) unit cell. Calculate the volume density and area density on the (0, 0. 1) plane of a BCC cell if the lattice constant is 2.3 Å. Give a brief explanation of your calculations. "
"If an electron in a hydrogen atom jumps from the first excited state to ground state, find the wavelength of the photon emitted. "
Determine the resistivity of a Si sample if it is doped with 10 phosphorus atoms/cm and H. = 750 cm Vs. Find the Hall coefficient of the sample. 
Sketch the 1-V curve of a zener diode and explain what a zener breakdown is. 
Show that the Fermi-Dirac function is a step function at T = 0 K. 
Draw the face-centered cubic cell and determine its packing fraction. State and explain the assumptions you have made. 
Find the velocity and wavelength of the electron. 
Apply the energy band diagram to explain why an intrinsic semiconductor is conductive and that its conductivity increases with temperature.
"Draw the energy band diagram of a pn junction. Label the depletion region and the electric field in the depletion region. For an unbiased junction, discuss the movement of majority and minority carriers and the resultant current that may arise at equillibrium. "
State the five assumptions of an ideal diode. 
Explain why the intrinsic carrier concentration of Ge is higher than Si at T = 300 K. 
"Explain how the ionic, metallic, covalent, and mixed states solids are formed. Give an example of each solid and compare the electrical conductivity of the four types of solid. "
Draw the body-centered cubic cell and determine its packing fraction. State and explain the assumptions you have made. 
Explain with an energy band diagram how an electron-hole pair (EHP) is formed in a semiconductor. 
Draw the energy band diagram of the doped semiconductor at 300 K. 
Calculate the carrier densities of the doped semiconductor at 400 K. 
Draw the energy band diagram of the pn junction. 
Find the reverse bias saturation current. 
State the four different bias modes of a BJT and explain how they are obtained. 
"Draw the band diagram of a reverse biased pn junction. With reference to the band diagram and charge carriers, explain why there is negligible current flow in the diode. "
Draw a faced-centered cubic (FCC) cell. Calculate the packing fraction of the FCC cell. State any assumptions you have made and explain your calculations. 
An electron experiences a potential difference of 5 kV in vacuum. Find the wavelength of the particle. 
Draw the energy band diagram of an 11-type semiconductor and explain how an electron-hole pair (EHP) is formed. State any assumptions you have made. 
Draw the energy band diagram of an intrinsic Si and label the band gap energy. 
State two differences between a JFET and a BJT. 
Name a donor atom and acceptor atom for Si. 
Write down Schrodinger's equation in one dimension and explain the meaning of each term of the equation. 
Show that the wavefunction of a free particle is a plane wave. 
State the four different bias modes of a BJT and explain how they are obtained. 
Explain why the electrical conductivity of a semiconductor is higher than an insulator by using the energy band diagram. 
State the conductivity of a semiconductor at 0 K and clearly explain your answer. 
Determine the doping levels in the respective regions.
"In a BJT, the width of the base quasineutral region has to be small compared to the minority carrier diffusion length. Explain why this is important "
Explain the creation of an electron-hole pair in an intrinsic Si semiconductor at room temperature by using the covalent bonding picture. 
Evaluate if the contact is ohmic or rectifying (Schottky diode) in nature. Provide the analysis and support your answer with calculation
"Sketch the energy band diagram of the ideal metal-semiconductor contact in forward bias mode. Show the conduction and valence band edges, and all the Fermi levels. "
Compare the electrical conductivity of an insulator and a semiconductor at room temperature by using the energy band diagram. 
Prove that the wave function of a free electron is a plane wave by using Schrodinger's equation. 
Compare Zener breakdown with avalanche breakdown in a pn junction and state THREE differences. Name a device that utilizes each breakdown mode. 
Determine the volume density and area density on the (1 0 0) plane of a body center cubic cell with lattice constant of 5 Å. 
Explain the change in conductivity for a metal and an intrinsic semiconductor as temperature increases. 
Determine the Fermi level (in eV) of the doped semiconductor and draw the energy band diagram. 
Explain why it is important for the width of the base quasineutral region to be small compared to the minority carrier diffusion length in the operation of a BJT.
"Explain the meaning of the expression ""robust model"". Specifically, justify your response if you heard a manager exclaim  'Uh-oh, we're in trouble! The calculated EOQ is wrong; actual demand is 10% greater than estimated'. "
"Explain one (1) major advantage, and one (1) major disadvantage, of a fixed period system. "
Explain the method of monitoring inventory levels in retails stores.
Develop an ABC classification system for the 10 items. 
"Construct a product structure. Identify components.  parents, and components."
Prepare a time-phased product structure. 
Design a vendor-rating form that represents your comparison of the education offered by universities in which you considered/are considering/have considered enrolling. 
"""The bullwhip measure can be used to analyze supply chains. Nevertheless, inaccurate measures taken in addressing variance amplification can have ramifications"".  Explain this statement. "
Explain three (3) lean techniques that work in both the manufacturing and service sector. 
"Just-in-time (JIT) attempts to remove delays, which do not add value. Explain how JIT copes with weather and its impact on crop harvest and transportation times. "
Explain three (3) ways in which JIT and quality are related. 
Determine the economic order quantity.
"Justify the choice of supplier. From your choice, determine the optimal order quantity and total annual cost of ordering, purchasing and holding the component. "
Calculate the optimal size of the production run. 
Calculate the average holding and setup cost per year. 
"Calculate the total cost per year, including the cost of the lights. "
"Explain the reason why it is not necessary to include product cost (price or price times quantity) in the EOQ model, but the quantity discount model requires the inclusion of product cost. "
"When quantity discounts are offered, justify why it is not necessary to check discount points that are below the EOQ or points above the EOQ that are not discount points. "
"Just-in-time (JIT) attempts to remove delays, which do not add value. Explain how JIT copes with weather and its impact on crop harvest and transportation times. "
Describe the three (3) ways in which JIT and quality are related. 
"Standardized, reusable containers have fairly obvious benefits for shipping. Use five (5) points to justify the purpose of these devices within the plant. "
Develop a time phased product structure.
Calculate the variance of demand for the winery. 
Calculate the variance of orders for the glass bottles. 
Determine if the winery is providing an amplifying or smoothing effect. 
Determine the percentage of DHT's assets committed to inventory. 
Justify if DHT`s supply chain performance is better than PLI. 
"Explain the definition of a “robust model”. Specifically, if a manager exclaimed “The calculated EOQ is wrong because the actual demand is 10% greater than estimated”, justify your response. "
Explain the term “level scheduling'. 
"Standardized, reusable containers have fairly obvious benefits in shipping and within a plant. State five (5) purpose of these devices. "
Justify two (2) lean techniques that work in both the manufacturing and service sectors. 
Calculate the percent invested in inventory. 
Calculate the inventory turnover. 
Determine if the winery is providing an amplifying or smoothing effect. 
Igneous rock can be formed either underground or above ground. Elaborate. 
Glass is known to have good qualities and properties related to thermal and sound insulations. Discuss the application of glass in the construction of green building.
Briefly explain the desire properties of aggregate in producing concrete mixture. 
Autoclave aerated concrete block is gaining popular in high rise construction. Briefly illustrate what are the unique features of the autoclave aerated concrete block. 
Steel is the most widely used reinforcing materials in concrete structure. Briefly explain the general properties of steel. 
Briefly illustrate FOUR (4) influences of carbon on metal. 
Compare and contrast the characteristics and usage between aluminium and high carbon steel. 
Briefly describe the general properties of plastic in terms of strength and durability. Comment also why plastic is not suitable to use as reinforcement bar for concrete structure. 
"There are three common types of brick in Malaysia, namely common brick, facing brick and engineering brick. Differentiate the properties and the applications among them. "
The general objective of inventory control is to minimize the total cost of keeping the inventory while making trade-offs. Elaborate the FOUR (4) major categories of cost in inventory control. 
"Briefly describe the properties of wood in terms of density, thermal insulation, chemical resistance and strength. "
Recommend a suitable admixture to increase the workability of concrete and explain how it functions. 
Briefly describe TEN (10) general characteristic of hardened concrete. 
Timber and plastic are common materials used in construction industry. Elaborate FIVE (5) specific applications for each material in building construction. 
List down FIVE (5) types of concrete admixture. 
Describe FIVE (5) characteristics of hardened concrete. 
"Compare and contrast the properties of clay brick and calcium silicate brick in terms of crushing strength, moisture movement, durability, appearance, fire resistance, colour, texture, sound and thermal insulation. "
"Recommend a suitable metal for the fabrication of power tools like drills, files and chisels. Your recommendation should be justified by elaborating the important properties of the proposed metal. "
A client wishes to renovate his balcony at first floor by replacing the metal handrail with glass panel. Recommend a suitable type of glass to the client and justify your answer. Please be reminded that safety is the major factor in all cases. 
Explain THREE (3) advantages of using aluminium to fabricate roof gutter. 
Provide FOUR (4) reasons of using aggregate in concrete production. 
Explain THREE (3) categories of treatment to enhance the durability of timber. 
Compare the seasoning method between softwood and hardwood. 
Describe the significance of concrete as a primary material in today's construction. 
Compare and contrast the characteristics between hardwood and softwood. 
Concrete mould can be fabricated using steel or plastic. Differentiate the characteristics of concrete mould that is produced by these materials. 
"Differentiate the properties between clay brick and autoclave aerated concrete (AAC) block in term of compressive strength, density, colour, acoustic performance and thermal insulation. "
Propose an admixture to increase the workability of concrete in the fresh state without reducing the engineering performance of the hardened concrete. 
Recommend TWO (2) suitable types of glasses which have good insulation properties for green building construction. 
Suggest a type of metal for reinforcing a concrete structure.
Propose a suitable type of glass that is used to construct a transparent fiat roof for the entrance of the Heritage Hall in Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman. 
Illustrate the needs of timber preservation and the techniques. 
Compare the formation process between igneous rock and sedimentary rocks. 
Illustrate the advantages of plastic material and its applications in construction. 
Describe the applications of mild steel in construction. 
Elaborate on the design and production process including the rational and economic use of resources that influence the development of a building. 
Describe the components in the Mechanical and electrical System used in buildings.
List the SEVEN (7) stages of the development process of a building project. 
List FIVE (5) plant consideration in a construction site. 
Discuss the objectives and the provision of site security in a construction site. 
Explain what is a datum level as used in site surveying for a building project. 
List the SEVEN (7) factors to be considered in the method of excavation and timbering. 
Elaborate the objectives and basic design procedure of the foundation design of a building. 
Describe and sketch the THREE (3) types of brick bonding. 
List FOUR (4) general requirements for floor finishes. 
List FIVE (5) properties of damp-proof courses. 
Discuss the disadvantages of timber flat roofs. 
Explain the concept for the nature of building characteristics. 
Explain the activities involved in the building process. 
Describe the use of architecture drawings in construction. 
List down THREE (3) methods of excavation. 
Explain the types of construction excavation. 
Sketch and label the section of the ground floor slab. Explain the purpose of each labelled component. 
List down ALL types of brick wall and give explanations for each type of the wall. 
"Evaluate the differences between the common, facing and engineering bricks in characteristics and use. "
Discuss the factors that affect the stability of high-rise buildings.
Distinguish between ‘land surveyor' and 'quantity surveyor'.
Explain THREE (3) purposes of architectural drawings to architects and other parties in the construction team. 
Identify THREE (3) building related statutory laws in Malaysia.
Distinguish between ‘load bearing wall' and 'non-load bearing wall’. 
"Differentiate among “external wall', 'internal wall' and 'parapet'. "
Describe SIX (6) functional requirements of walls. 
Identify THREE (3) types of mortar used in wall construction. 
Sketch a diagram which indicates the Damp Proof Membrane (DPM) in the non reinforced concrete ground floor. 
Outline FIVE (5) functional requirements of a floor. 
Discuss the procedures of the non-suspended reinforced concrete ground floors construction. 
Distinguish between 'differential foundation settlement' and 'uniform foundation settlement'.
Explain TWO (2) defects which are usually occur on the surface of finished concrete.
Discuss SIX (6) considerations before choosing the foundation type. 
The foundation is the base on which a building rest and its purpose is to safely transfer the load of a building to a suitable subsoil. Identify the specified bearing loads and give the explanations for each bearing load.
Foundation design is required the study and examination of multiple components which is a highly specialized the function and usually is performed by a structural engineer. Inspect the components which have to include in the designing of a building foundation. 
Explain the development process for a building construction.
Demonstrate the steps involved in setting out of a building foundation and discuss the setting out of purposes. 
Distinguish between 'Trench' and 'Pier holes/ Pits' construction excavation. 
Analyse the behavior of subsoil of coarse grained non-cohesive soils and fine grained cohesive soils. 
Evaluate the functions of the component of a structural floor. 
Distinguish between flat roof and pitched roof. 
Explain the FIVE (5) procedures which need to be documented during the site inspection. 
Distinguish between 'periodic inspection' and 'continuous inspection'. 
Differentiate between “trial pits' and 'boreholes”. 
Distinguish between “suspended' and ‘non-suspended' floor. 
Explain the solum treatment used in the floor construction. 
Ion implantation is one of the popular methods to dope semiconductors. Discuss the control parameters for this method. 
Design and sketch the optimized stick-diagram layout. 
Discuss the advantages of dynamic logic circuit compared to the conventional static combinational logic circuit. 
Discuss the advantages of reducing the minimum feature size.
"Based on your knowledge on the physics of semiconductors, evaluate the limit for the minimum feature size of silicon MOSFET."
Determine the type of MOSFET. 
"FinFET technology is developed to minimize some of the shortcomings in planar MOSFETs. With the aid of diagrams, show the differences between these TWO (2) transistors. "
Discuss the advantages of FinFETS over planar MOSFETs. 
"Using transmission-gates, design and sketch an 8-to-1 multiplexer. "
Oxidation is one of the most important thermal processes. Briefly explain the TWO (2) types of oxidation process. 
"Annealing is a thermal process typically performed after ion implantation. With the aid of diagrams, briefly discuss the purpose of this process. "
Discuss the main objective of layout design rules. 
The design rules are usually described in TWO (2) ways. Describe these TWO (2) ways. 
"Besides Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA), name one other type of programmable logic device. "
Illustrate the THREE (3) advantages of silicon over germanium. 
"Besides silicon and germanium, name ONE (1) other material that can be used as the substrate of a transistor. "
Design and sketch the layout of a CMOS inverter. 
Determine the oxide capacitance. 
"With the aid of a diagram, briefly show how the width of a FinFET is estimated."
Oxidation is one of the most important thermal processes. Briefly discuss the characteristics of dry oxidation. 
"Local oxidation of silicon or LOCOS is a type of application which involves wet oxidation. With the aid of diagrams, briefly illustrate this process. "
Explain the main purpose of LOCOS. 
"Besides LOCOS, name TWO (2) other applications which require thermal processes. "
Dielectric films can be thermally grown or deposited. Discuss the  fundamental difference between these two methods. 
"The technology of VLSI is defined by the feature size. With the aid of a diagram, explain the feature size. "
"The technology of VLSI is defined by the feature size. Over the years, the feature size has been reducing. Analyze and explain the reasons for doing so. "
"Using transmission-gates, design and sketch a 4-to-1 multiplexer. "
"Besides silicon and germanium, name ONE (1) other material which could be used to fabricate transistors. "
Discuss the differences between a stick diagram and an actual layout. 
Analyze the causes of infant mortality during and after production. 
Give TWO (2) examples how intrinsic reliability failure occurs in ICs. 
"With the aid of a diagram, explain LOCOS. "
Discuss the disadvantages of LOCOS. 
Explain the purposes of scaling. 
Determine the gate oxide capacitance.
Explain the physical meaning of transconductance. 
Evaluate how the increase of the transconductance affects the operation of the transistor. 
"There are TWO (2) common methods used in the semiconductor industry to fabricate single crystal silicon. With the aid of diagrams, name and explain the methods. "
There are TWO (2) common methods used in the semiconductor industry to fabricate single crystal silicon. Analyze the advantage and disadvantage of both methods. 
Classify and briefly explain different computational methods used in analyzing flows in hydraulic engineering. 
"In computational methods of analyzing flows in rivers and channels, effects of turbulence are reflected in different ways depending on how the flow is modelled. Give examples of these models and explain the advantages and  shortcomings. "
List the major forces acting on the concrete body of the dam excluding earthquake and wind forces. 
"In all analysis methods, the effects of turbulence have to be modeled unless all the scales of motion are represented explicitly as in Direct Numerical Simulation (DNS). Explain why it is not practical to analyze flows in practical hydraulic engineering by DNS. "
"Name a commercially available software or an open-source software that does the computational analysis of flows of hydraulic engineering and explain what it is used for, what equations based on what assumptions it uses and how then are solved. "
Explain the possible flow patterns in the culvert depending on the level of the rain water in the car park and the drain channel. 
Draw the water surface profile when the rainfall intensity is more than the design rainfall so that the inlet of the cuivert is submerged. Explain how the flow rate can be computed in this case. 
Describe what hydraulic engineering is in your own words showing concrete examples. 
Explain different approaches used in hydraulic engineering to achieve its objectives by giving examples. 
Explain important features and characteristics of the flows encountered in hydraulic engineering compared with cases in other fluid engineering.
Discuss the role of hydraulic engineering in the sustainable development and preservation. 
Estimate the magnitude of the bed shear stress by making necessary assumptions and justifications. 
Estimate the value of the roughness parameter of the riverbed from the observed surface slope and velocity. Compare your computed value with generally known values for the present river bed. 
Scaffolding is a temporary frame constructed to support a number of platforms at different heights and to provide workers a safe platform from which to work. Name any FOUR (4) types of scaffolding used in construction industry. 
"""The slope has been standing for more than 15 years! So it is safe"" and ""Geological report shows that the slope is safe"". The above statements are the common misconception. Propose FIVE (5) construction controls to ensure the safety of construction of residential building on hill-site in Malaysia. "
Prestressed concrete is a method for overcoming concrete's natural weakness in tension. Justify the TWO (2) common methods of prestressing. 
Subsurface exploration can be divided into THREE (3) programs. Explain in detail the conclusion that could be derived from each program.
Name FOUR (4) types of soil in-situ field test and its application. 
Name TWO (2) types of laboratory tests. 
Explain the use of scaffolding in construction. 
Explain THREE (3) conditions where cantilever scaffolding is applied. 
"State any TWO (2) of Malaysia's rules, regulations or standards which are related to scaffolding and falsework. "
Explain FOUR (4) major forces which move water into wall claddings and measures to be taken to eliminate these problems. You are required to include illustrations in your explanation. 
Discuss FIVE (5) advantages of IBS compared to conventional in situ concrete. 
IBS components can be divided into five broad categories. Briefly describe with examples all FIVE (5) categories. 
Discuss FIVE (5) advantages of IBS compared to conventional in situ concrete. 
"Compare the gravity retaining wall, semi gravity retaining wall and cantilever retaining wall in the aspects of shape design, maximum height and method of construction. "
Pre-cast concrete retaining walls may be constructed with any or all of the joints. Describe the THREE (3) types of joints used. 
Discuss THREE (3) situations that necessitate the use of pile foundation. 
Differentiate between Putlog and Independent Scaffold. 
Explain FIVE (5) characteristics of Industrialised Building System (IBS) in construction. 
Name and sketch the proposed retaining wall in plan view to show the main elements of the wall. 
List and explain the FOUR (4) considerations when selecting a basement wall. 
"In the renovation of a new car showroom, the client wishes to attract the attention of pedestrians who passes by their building. Propose the type of external envelop for this building and explain the reasons. Sketch the proposed external envelop. "
"Write a formula to show the steady state assumption. If all other conditions remain identical, explain how an increase in k-1 would affect the Michaelis constant."
Describe “mechanism-based inhibitors”. 
State the forces stabilizing functional structure of enzyme which is most susceptible to drastic pH changes. Explain your answer using an example. 
Describe the principles of a coupled enzyme assay. 
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using laccase-based de colorization treatment.
Suggest a technique that can overcome the problem of non-reusability for industrial enzyme applications. 
"Enzyme therapy is applied clinically to treat Gaucher disease. Describe the cause of the disease, the therapeutic enzyme and its function. "
State the advantage of applying each step in the purification scheme. 
Draw a table indicating purification fold and yield at each step. 
Draw a diagram to illustrate the Edman degradation reaction in protein sequencing. Describe some potential complications during Edman degradation protein sequencing. 
Explain the functional advantages provided by enzymes with a quaternary structure. 
Discuss the regulation of ATCase which is an allosteric enzyme. 
Draw and label the typical heat denaturation curves for mesophilic and thermophilic enzymes. 
Describe the limitations of using ribozyme as a catalyst. 
Explain the main difference between uncompetitive and noncompetitive inhibitors. 
Name the enzyme commonly used to detect liver damage or muscle damage in clinical diagnosis.
"Based on the aspartate protease mechanism, explain the concept of using ""Crixivan"" to treat HIV patients. "
Elaborate on the importance of 'stability' for industrial enzymes. 
"The tyrosinase-containing solution was dissolved in 50 mM potassium phosphate buffer containing 0.01 mM NaCl, pH 6.5, before applying to a DEAE Sephadex A50 column. Suggest and explain how the mobile phase should be modified to elute the bound tyrosinase. "
"Oxygen is effectively transported by hemoglobin, regulated by some allosteric effectors in human blood. Name these allosteric effectors and discuss how their presence increases effective delivery of oxygen to tissues."
Explain the importance of using initial velocity to study enzymatic catalysis. 
Give the enzyme group number and name for acetylcholine esterase. Describe the non-covalent interactions used by acetylcholine esterase for substrate binding.
Propose and explain a suitable enzyme-substrate interaction model for enzyme X.
Describe how accurate mass spectrometry could be applied to determine if a small protein contains a pair of disulfide-bonded cysteine residue or two reduced cysteine residues. Explain how you can confirm your finding. 
Draw a pH denaturation profile for an enzyme. Explain what happens to the enzyme during pH denaturation. 
Name two super secondary structures found within enzymes which involved formation of a-helices. Describe how the a-helices could be maintained in an enzyme. 
Draw a diagram to illustrate the Edman degradation reaction in protein sequencing. 
Describe the features of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) as an isozyme. Discuss the diagnostic importance of LDH.
Chymotrypsin belongs to serine protease family. Describe the catalytic mechanism of chymotrypsin emphasizing the role of the catalytic triad and substrate binding site in catalysis. 
Describe the components involved in the formation of a folded enzyme. 
Provide the equations for the Eadie-Hofstee and Hanes-Woolf plot. Explain how these equations could be derived from the Michaelis-Menten equation. 
Explain the main disadvantage of Lineweaver-Burk plot. Suggest an alternative method to Lineweaver-Burk plot. 
Draw and label an Eisenthal-Cornish-Bowden direct plot. Explain how kinetic parameters could be determined from this plot. 
Describe how the hexokinase enzymatic activity could be determined using the coupled assay method. 
Give ONE example of aspartic protease. Describe the mechanism of aspartic protease in relation to how pH affects its activity. 
A cascade of zymogen activation occurs both with digestive proteases and blood clotting proteases. List THREE advantages of this activation.
Define the transition state and activation energy in relation to catalytic power of an enzyme. 
"The substrates of allosteric enzymes exhibit positive cooperativity. Explain positive cooperativity in terms of subunits, conformation, and activity of the active site. "
Describe the industrial application of enzymes in beer production. 
Immobilization enables industrial enzymes to be used repeatedly. List THREE advantages of immobilized enzyme and give an example of large scale application of immobilized enzyme in industry.
Explain how changes in amino acid ionization states could affect the catalytic activity of an enzyme. 
Draw a diagram to illustrate the Edman degradation reaction in protein sequencing. 
Describe the interactions involved in stabilization of enzyme's quaternary structure. Explain which of these interactions is the least likely to be affected by denaturation at a liquid-liquid interface. 
"You attempt to purify a single protein X from a complex mixture of proteins. Protein X has a large number of aspartic and glutamic acid residues and no lysine, arginine or histidine residues. Propose an adsorption column chromatography technique which could retain protein X but elute other contaminants at pH 7. State your assumption(s). "
"You attempt to purify a single protein X from a complex mixture of proteins. Protein X has a large number of aspartic and glutamic acid residues and no lysine, arginine or histidine residues. Suggest and explain a method to elute protein X from the column. "
Describe the amino acid composition that could destabilize an enzyme's helical stability. 
Describe the enzyme characteristics that are desirable in high temperature industrial applications. 
Enzymes are applied in the medical field based on their specific functions. List the THREE main areas of clinical enzymology and provide ONE example how enzymes are used in each area. 
State the conditions necessary for the formation of enzyme's quaternary structure. Explain how quaternary structure could contribute to enzyme stability. 
Draw and label a titration curve for glutamic acid. Calculate the isoelectric point. 
Justify whether the enzyme after step 'Size-exclusion chromatography' is pure. Suggest a method to estimate the purity of the enzyme preparation. 
State TWO types of enzyme specificities that do not agree with lock and key model. Explain your answer.
Draw and label an activity temperature profile for mesophilic and thermophilic enzymes. Provide explanation to this phenomenon.
Explain the importance of using initial rate to determine enzymatic activity.
Explain the TWO main factors that could affect enzyme catalytic efficiency.
Explain how the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen is regulated. 
Explain how competitive and uncompetitive inhibitors will affect enzymatic reactions. 
Discuss various practices to achieve maximum yield and production of crude palm oil. 
"Discuss the importance of shikimate pathway, a primary metabolism pathway related to plant secondary metabolism. "
Discuss how curing can maintain quality and minimize decay of potato tubers in the postharvest stage. 
Describe the differences in the sugar compositions between unfermented and fermented cocoa beans. 
Discuss factors which could contribute to changes in the sugar compositions of cocoa beans during fermentation. 
"Illustrate with a drawing the biochemical pathway for natural rubber biosynthesis, beginning with acetyl CoA. "
Describe the main disadvantage of palm oil with an indigenous broad melting interval ranging from -20 to 50°C. Refined palm oil is further processed to improve its marketable value. Discuss this process in relation to the secondary products from refined palm oil. 
Describe alkaloids chemically and how plants use this group of secondary metabolites to protect themselves from herbivores. 
"Illustrate with a labeled drawing the pathway of sulfate assimilation in leaf mesophyll cells. In your answer, describe how sulfate is transported from the root to leaf cells, the energy requirements of sulfate assimilation, and the fate of unassimilated sulfate. "
Explain the significance of the position of rubber-synthesizing cis prenyltransferases in the structure of a rubber particle. 
Distinguish between the ripening behavior of climacteric and non-climacteric fruits in terms of their respiration rates and ethylene production.
The oil palm (Elaeis guineensis) is an erect monoecious plant. Describe how its inflorescences develop into fruit and relate this to the pest control practice that could affect the productivity of the oil palm. 
The major constituent of palm oil is triglyceride. Describe TWO reactions of triglyceride which could affect the quality of vegetable oils.
Identify the key enzymes and explain their roles in fatty acid biosynthesis that contribute to the unique fatty acid composition of palm mesocarp oil.
"Discuss the benefits of palm oil, in terms of versatility, diet-health relationship and sustainability. "
"As a defence strategy, most plant secondary metabolites exert adverse effects on herbivores. Discuss how plants avoid poisoning themselves with these metabolites. "
State the TWO biological isoprene building blocks and the enzyme involved in synthesising the precursor. 
"Differentiate between phenylpropanoids and alkaloids in terms of structure, functions and applications. "
"Illustrate with a labelled drawing the pathway of nitrate assimilation in leaf mesophyll cells. In your answer, discuss the origin of nitrate that is available to the mesophyll cells, the energy requirements of nitrate assimilation, the end products, and the fate of unassimilated nitrate. "
Discuss the biological factors that cause the deterioration of cut flowers.
Distinguish between the ripening behaviour of climacteric and non-climacteric fruits in terms of carbon dioxide release and ethylene synthesis. 
Name FIVE vital plant processes that herbicides target. 
Discuss the importance of knowing herbicide families and mode of action. 
Give THREE examples of symptoms that resemble herbicide damage on plants. 
State THREE traits that are associated with invasive plants.
Discuss TWO hypotheses for invasive plants to become successful outside of their native ranges. 
Weeds reduce the quality of crops and livestock. Explain. 
Write TWO reasons on the slow adoption of biological control in weed management. 
Differentiate between contact and systemic herbicides. 
Briefly discuss the advantage of C3 and C4 pathways for weeds. 
Give TWO examples of natural and artificial means of the seed dispersal of weeds respectively. 
Discuss issues of defining “weeds”. 
Define economic threshold and its use. 
List THREE factors in determining economic thresholds for weeds. 
State the goal of integrated weed management and its essence.
State the objective of proactive resistance management and briefly describe THREE methods of this management. 
Discuss THREE mechanisms of vegetative reproduction that make certain weeds successful in establishment. 
Define allelopathy and list how allelopathic substance enters the environment. 
"With the aid of a flow chart, briefly describe the steps involved in developing a successful animal breeding programme. "
"Using a farm animal species of your choice, sketch a graph and describe the scenario that demonstrate a strong genotype by environmental interaction that could influence breeding objectives. "
List FOUR conditions required in order for an animal population to remain at Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium.
Determine the possible number of unique zygotes that could be produced upon successful mating. 
Justify whether the dam and sire are inbred or outbred. 
Describe the differences between progeny and sib testings. 
Briefly describe FOUR principles in selecting and purchasing breeding stock. 
Give ONE common crossbreed for porker production in Malaysia and name the state in Peninsular Malaysia that has the highest production rate. 
Suggest and describe an assisted reproductive technique that the farm should use for rapid and cost effective production. 
Determine which Angus bull is the heaviest. Justify your answer.
Determine which Angus bull would produce the heaviest offspring (on average). Justify your answer. 
Suggest TWO possible poultry breeds that Kaseem are breeding for Malaysia broiler industry. 
"In your opinion, which parental group selected will give a higher gain in Kaseem's breeding programme. Show the calculation and justify your answer. "
State the number of autosome and sex-chromosome for a rooster and a hen.
Briefly describe TWO mating methods of commercial importance for the production of fertilised eggs from breeder birds. 
“Domestication of animals does not influence human behavior and lifestyle.” State whether you agree or disagree with the statement. Justify your answer. 
Briefly describe FOUR common characteristics that are possessed by a wild animal before they could be considered for domestication. 
Differentiate between trait and phenotype. 
Give an example of trait and phenotype to describe a Belgian Blue. 
"The Friesian cow, a dairy breed, is a product of selective breeding. Predict the problems that may occur during the selection of Friesian Cows. "
Give TWO examples how breeding is similar to natural selection. 
"State, define and list the advantage(s) and disadvantage(s) of the THREE animal selection methods for multiple traits. "
Differentiate between crossbreeding and linebreeding. 
Briefly describe the advantages of marker assisted selection in farm animal breeding. 
Explain the principle of ultrasonography in pregnancy diagnosis for farm animals. 
State THREE advantages of pregnancy diagnosis in animal breeding. 
Cyrus claimed that placentomes could be observed using a transabdominal probe to scan both pregnant sow and doe on day-20 of gestation. Justify whether his claim is true or false. 
Contrast B-mode and A-mode ultrasound systems. 
Briefly describe how poultry sexing is commonly carried out in a hatchery. 
Briefly describe the advantages of MOET in cattle breeding. 
Describe the flow of MOET procedures in cattle breeding. 
Two different soils were obtained during sampling and the distance between the two sites were only 100 meters apart. Discuss TWO soil forming factors which are most likely to explain the differences. 
Justify why soil taxonomy is considered as a hierarchical classification system. 
State the SIX categories in soil taxonomy. 
"With the aid of diagrams, describe how the soil structure influences the rate of water leaching."
Define soil pH. 
"Distinguish among acidic, saline and sodic soils. "
Differentiate between humic and non-humic substances. 
Soil algae and protozoa are usually restricted at the uppermost soil layers and smaller than their aquatic counterparts. Justify. 
Illustrate SIX processes that occur in the hydrological cycle. 
"With suitable examples, briefly discuss the importance of soil aeration."
Describe THREE factors that affect soil aeration. 
Define luxury consumption of plant nutrients. 
Predict the effects of excess application of nitrogen fertilizer into the soil. 
Briefly describe how riparian forests help in  reducing nitrate contamination in rivers reducing nitrate and streams. 
Discuss why the fertility program for potted plants is different from field crops. 
"Propose a fertilizer placement method of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium for a successful fertilization of a large mango tree. Justify your answer. "
List THREE factors that influence the type of irrigation used in agriculture. 
Evaluate the benefits and drawbacks of artificial drainage. 
"By assuming other factors (pH, water content and etc.) are being equal in clay loam and sandy loam, state which soil would be expected to have higher organic matter content. Justify your answer. "
"Describe how the soil colloidal complex tends to serve as a ""reservoir"" for plant nutrients. "
Predict the effect on bulk density when a large quantity of organic matter is added into the soil. Justify your answer. 
Fertilizer that is extremely high in phosphorus content is essential for flowering. Justify. 
Discuss TWO adverse consequences of using wetlands as recipients of irrigation wastewater. 
List and briefly describe the FOUR soil forming processes. 
Define cation exchange capacity (CEC) and discuss how CEC influences the status of nutrients in soil. 
Briefly explain how tillage will influence the density of soil. 
Explain the role of mesofauna in the decay of fresh organic matter.
Describe how the increase of soil organic matter level may immobilize some nutrients in soil. 
Write a short note about mulch and how mulching could help in controlling soil temperature. 
"Briefly discuss how the use of manure, organic by-products and commercial fertilizers have changed over time. "
Describe how soil surface roughness affects both water and wind erosion. Suggest ways to increase roughness to reduce erosion. 
Define soil bioremediation. 
Identify the advantages and disadvantages of in situ and ex situ means of remediating polluted soils. 
Define soil horizon and relate it with soil profile. 
Briefly explain which characteristics of alluvial soils make them ideal for agriculture. 
"Discuss why physical weathering is more prevalent in dry, cool regions while chemical weathering is more prevalent in wet, hot regions. "
Distinguish between products from physical and chemical weathering. 
Briefly explain how clay particles and soil organisms influence soil structure. 
Discuss the importance of soil structure in vegetable farms. 
Describe how pore size can affect water retention in soil. 
Describe soil colloids and their importance. 
"In soil pH, define buffering and explain why it is important in soils. "
Classify soil organisms according to their ecology and state TWO examples for each group. 
Soil organic matter content will differ depending on environmental conditions. Justify with TWO examples. 
Explain why mycorrhizal fungi are important for phosphorus availability in soil. 
Describe how soils are involved in the greenhouse effects. 
Describe whether the soil is contaminated or polluted. 
"State TWO examples for inorganic and organic contaminants, respectively. "
Briefly discuss THREE factors with ONE example each that should be considered when determining fertilizer placement method. 
State the advantages of no tillage. 
Explain why higher rates of nitrogen might be required for no tillage compared to conventional tillage. 
Distinguish between rill and gully erosion. 
Differentiate between soil fertility and soil productivity. 
Briefly explain the drawbacks of using deficiency symptoms to determine fertilizer rates. 
Describe the advantages and disadvantages of foliar application in fruit crops. 
Describe conservation tillage and explain why it often requires a change in nutrient management. 
Comment on the importance of comparative genomics research. 
Briefly describe the stages involved in sequence assembly for the whole genome shotgun methodology. 
Discuss the significance of human genome project. 
"Name the amino acid residues with the single letter code ""EQRNHL"". "
Comment on the introduction of seven “_” in the alignment. 
Briefly explain the mechanism of RNA interference. 
"In a table form, state the advantages and disadvantages of X-ray crystallography and nuclear magnetic resonance in elucidating the three dimensional structure of proteins. "
Eukaryotic genome is mostly repetitive DNA and non-coding sequences. Elaborate the statement. 
"In a table form, differentiate between RefSeq and GenBank DNA sequences. "
Describe briefly the experimental flow of fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH). List THREE of its major applications. 
GenBank offers a few options for nucleotide sequence submissions. Name TWO available options and when are they used. 
"Contrast the following basic BLAST programs: PSI-BLAST, PHI-BLAST and tBLASTX."
List the advantages and limitations of protein crystal structure determination using X-Ray crystallography. 
Name the amino acids for the following single letter codes: DMVREL. 
"Comparing to the reference sequence, identify the functional elements to represent S2 and S3, respectively. "
Indicate whether S2 or S3 is useful for genetic linkage analysis. Justify your answer. 
Discuss the significance of genome studies in molecular medicine.
Primary structure of a protein plays a significant role in determining the native structure or the protein fold. Comment on the statement. 
State the importance of data generated from a given hydrophobicity plot. Describe the relevant information that can be deduced from the plot generated. 
Briefly explain if restriction mapping is useful in determining the presence of minisatellite. 
Describe the methodology of determining the transcriptional start site using RACE-PCR. 
Briefly describe the hierarchical classification of proteins using CATH classification. 
"""Microsatellite tandem repeats are abundant in human promoters and are associated with regulatory activity (Sawaya et al., 2013).” Discuss the statement and support your views with examples. "
"John Watson passed away and left behind a legal child, Mary Watson, as well as two girlfriends, Susan and Petty, who were in their 8 week of gestation. Susan claimed that she bore an illegitimate child of John Watson. Propose and design the most suitable paternity experiment to prove Susan's claim. You may outline your experiment using schematic diagram(s). "
Name the following conserved amino acids for their corresponding single letter codes: SQYKRECP. 
State what does the symbol “+” represents. 
Melting temperature (Tm) is an important criteria to consider when designing primers for PCR amplification. Comment. 
CATH and SCOP are databases that hierarchically classify protein domains according to their structures. Describe the CATH protein classification system. 
Briefly describe the BLOSUM scoring matrix. 
"Construct a DNA based cladogram using neighbour-joining approach, and suggest the relationship of S, M, and D species. "
Discuss the significance of hydrophobicity plot in transmembrane protein research. 
List THREE applications of degenerate PCR amplification.
"Microbiota-based models may be an alternative method to facilitate the use of data on the gut microbiota in certain diseases. For example, NextSeq 550 and NextSeq 550DX platforms have been used to detect gut microbiota in non communicable diseases. Compare and contrast both platforms with regards to their regulatory status, key applications and array scanning."
Highlight the importance of bioinformatics analysis in genomic studies. 
"Identify the genetic elements in the DNA sequences of Homo sapiens, Homo luzonensis and Homo erectus. Justify your answer. "
State the main missions of National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI). 
Proline and glycine are prevalent in beta-turns of protein structures. Comment on the statement. 
"Bernard has successfully determined the sequence of Protein X which consists of 110 amino acid residues. He is interested to predict the protein struc using the available homology modelling software. Based on your knowledge of the mechanism of protein folding, comment on the reliability and accuracy of the prediction. "
Write an essay on the importance of comparative genomics. 
Name the following conserved amino acids with their corresponding single letter codes: WMEADK.
"Comment on the values that were generated for “Identities” and “Positives"". "
"Define the designation “Frame = -3""."
State the significance of “Score” in the BlastX alignment. 
"In a table, list EIGHT differences between GenBank and RefSeq DNA sequences. "
Briefly describe the disadvantages of characterising three dimensional protein structures using X-ray diffraction. 
Define “ecosystem services” and describe how they are benefiting our society. 
State the problems that could arise from environmental overload of fixed nitrogen due to generous usage of nitrogen fertilizer and suggest a possible solution for this situation. 
"Using an appropriate example, describe how competitive ELISA works. "
List and explain THREE factors that are affecting microbial biodegradation rates of petroleum hydrocarbon. 
Name the THREE types of land application of wastewater. 
Describe the circumstances when tertiary treatment of wastewater is necessary. 
"Explain why bogs are considered to be a ""carbon sink"". "
"You are on a mission to study the microbial diversity in a hyperarid desert. Design experimental steps in collecting, storing, and analyzing the samples. Justify the choices in each step and predict the types of microbes that could be found. "
Describe the major functions or roles of soil microbes that beneficially impact human health and welfare. 
Compare and contrast microbial and chemical risk assessment. 
"Explain the microbe-related coupling of carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen in a lake that is experiencing a sudden bloom of cyanobacteria due to anthropogenic fertilizer inputs. "
Define “biogeochemical cycling” and discuss its importance to the ecosystem and survival of living organisms. 
State the purposes of risk assessment. 
Explain why hazard identification in the case of pathogens is complicated. 
Describe the formation of an aquatic dead zone. 
A solid cube with dimensions of 10.0 nm was dispersed into water to become colloidal particles with dimensions of 1.0 nm. Calculate the changes of surface area to volume (surface / volume). 
List and explain TWO simple techniques used to prepare colloids by mean of dispersion. Use simple diagrams to clarify the explanation.
State TWO phenomena that affect the stabilization of colloidal nanoparticles in aqueous medium. 
Give the appropriate formula to calculate the velocity of the sedimentation. 
Differentiate between electroosmosis and electrophoretic mobility of solutes in capillary electroosmosis. 
The oscillating jet method is commonly used to study the surface/interfacial tensions. Give another THREE methods that are used to measure surface/interfacial tension. 
Briefly explain the main feature of the structures of dilute foams and concentrated foams. 
Give TWO methods to measure the surface coverage. 
Briefly explain why fatty acids such as stearic acid can be used in Langmuir Blodgett (LB) film deposition and how the monolayer is formed.
Give the appropriate formula to calculate the kinetic energy of sodium. 
Sketch the Type I isotherm and provide a brief description of its nature and the processes that gives rise to the isotherm. 
Briefly explain the Auger process. 
Give TWO disadvantages of Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM). 
Give TWO functions of egg yolks in mayonnaise production. 
Explain in detail the chemisorptions of ammonia. Focus only on molecular adsorption of ammonia on a solid surface at low temperature.
Explain briefly how the aggregation processes could improve the water quality in a water treatment plant. 
Give THREE disadvantages of X-Ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). 
"Calculate the surface tension of a wetting liquid, C (1.23 gml-l ) which rises 1.50 m in a vertical capillary tube with the internal radius of 0.15 mm. "
A blue solid cube with dimensions of 10.0 x 10-9 m was dispersed into water to become colloidal particles with dimensions of 1.0 x 10-9 m. Calculate the changes of surface area to volume (surface / volume). 
Explain and differentiate between TWO types of aggregations when colloidal particles are unstable.
List another TWO isotherms besides Langmiur isoterm. 
Briefly explain why does surface tension remain constant once critical micelle concentration (CMC) is reached.
Name the TWO ways of how molecules bonded to surface. Provide a brief description on the modes of adsorption. 
Briefly explain the differences between and Langmuir-Blodgett (LB) monolayer and self-assembled monolayer (SAM). 
List THREE types of Atomic Force Mircroscopes (AFM).
Differentiate between Gibbs adsorption equation and dynamic surface tension in the study of adsorption at interfaces. 
Sketch the Type Il isotherm and provide a brief description of its nature and the processes that gives rise to the isotherm. 
"Explain in detail the chemisorptions of hydrocarbon (eg. alkene, alkyne etc). Focus only on molecular adsorption of hydrocarbon on solid surface at low temperature."
Briefly explain how the aggregation processes could improve the water quality in a water treatment plant.
Briefly explain why formation of solid forms in final product such as glasses and bottles in glass industry is a disadvantage. 
Give FOUR information that can be obtained from Scanning Electron Miscroscope (SEM).
Explain and differentiate between TWO types of aggregations when colloidal particles are unstable. 
Describe the electrokinetic phenomenon. 
Briefly explain why coating a nanoparticle or surface with a polyelectrolyte (polymer with ionizable groups) is favourable. 
State TWO phenomena that affect the stabilization of colloidal nanoparticles in aqueous medium. 
Briefly explain why surface tension remains constant once critical micelle concentration (CMC) is reached. 
Briefly explain and draw the structure of dilute foams and concentrated foams. 
Sketch the Type III isotherm and provide a brief description of its nature and the processes that give rise to the isotherm. 
Briefly explain the differences between a Langmuir-Blodgett (LB) monolayer and a self-assembled monolayer (SAM). 
Briefly explain the Auger process. 
Give TWO advantages of X-Ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). 
List the information that can be obtained from X-Ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). 
Briefly explain how aggregation processes could improve the water quality in a water treatment plant. 
Draw the hexapeptide Gly-Phe-Asp-Leu-Ala-Glu. Identify the formation of hydrogen bonding in an a-helix form of this hexapeptide.
"Describe the common structural features of phosphatidylserine, phosphatidylethanolamine, phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylinositol. State their general function(s). "
Explain the processing of eukaryotic mRNA transcripts prior to translation. Indicate the chemical bases for each step. 
Justify whether tRNA or mRNA would be more extensively hydrogen bonded. 
"List the five groupings of amino acids based on the R groups, Give one example for each group. "
Name and briefly describe three types of column chromatography used in protein purification.
Define the chemical interaction indicated by the arrows. Identify the binding region of an antigen on the antibody structure.
Name the four different types of interactions involved in building the tertiary structure of proteins and give one denaturing agent for each.
Name the two classes of monosaccharide. Draw and name the simplest structure of molecule in each class. 
Write short notes on the structure and functions of polysaccharides by giving relevant example. 
"List the three types of RNA involved in the transcription and translation, and briefly explain their functions. "
Briefly describe the formation of disulfide bond. Suggest ONE role of disulfide bond. 
Name FOUR enzymes in DNA replication and state their functions. 
Compare and contrast continuous and discontinuous replications. 
Write short notes on the structure of RNA. 
 Can you distinguish for me between what is reasonably  achievable and what are  exaggerations
List three characteristics that are unique to the Cubist movement.
Classify celebrations into family and community categories.
"Examine what helps to make a good Olympics? Think about money, schedules, sports and people."
Identify ordinal positions
Identify fractions from a pictorial representation
Select the best title for a passage
Evaluate board games and justify why rules are important.
Organize this book into three or more sections and give your own subtitle for each section.
Explain why it is likely that a matriarchal family system would be found in a matrilocal or matrilineal society.
Use the E-pH or Pourbaix diagram of Cr to determine the control current and potential for the anodic protection of a S43000 stainless steel vessel.  
"By comparing the map of the tectonic plates to the earthquake map, what inferences can you make?"
Show how to modify Fitch's algorithm given in class today to accommodate non-binary
Which of the two liquids is hypotonic 
Design a poster for this book.
Is there a better solution to . . .?
Relate the principle of reinforcement to classroom interactions.
Compose a class story.
Describe what goes in each of the four areas on the first page of notes
Judge aesthetic qualities and relationship to future values.
Compare how different children come to school.
Justify your choice of data structure.
"How do I differentiate between ""deceive"" and ""cheat on""?"
How did Chinese newspapers differ from US
Label the parts of the following insects: Grasshopper
recall the supply voltage constraints
Can you differentiate between ethnic Chinese and ethnic Koreans
What is the setting of To Kill a Mockingbird?
  Use the unification algorithm to determine whether the following two terms are uni_able. Show intermediate step
Write a short story relating a personal experience in the style of a picaresque novel.
Predict the differences of a planet with no seasonal changes.
"If notes are available on the professor’s website, how should those notes be used?"
Are there students who should not use the Cornell method?
Create an equation to represent the solution to this problem.
When did you born ?
in which continent does the state of suriname fall
Revises and process to improve the outcome.
Why don’t you devise your own way to deal with . . .?
How do psychologists differ in their general attitudes toward third party presence
Develop a plan for a new Olympic Bid System.
How does your pet differ from other animals?
"If interest were compounded monthly instead of daily, what would the difference in interest be?"
Take a collection of photographs to demonstrate a particular point.
Explain the whole method of crushing
Do you think . . . is a good or a bad thing?
how the investigation was undertaken
Decide which method of solving a problem was most effective 
Examine the stated positions of both major political candidates with regard to a particular issue and state good reasons (based on principles discussed in class) for why one candidates position is more likely to be effective than the other's.
Can you defend the idea that Simon's incident with the pig's head is the most mystical in the story?
 How do we differentiate between an interview and an interrogation?
How to construct simple solutions when problems are complex?
Recall the following pictoral example of an implementation of some queue operations
 Estimate the epicentral coordinates of the earth-quake
Contrast building in the coastal zone with building in a river floodplain.
suggest ways in which it could have responded more effectively
Relate topographic map to field features
Evaluate two Internet sources of information about the Egyptians. Which would be a better choice for your purpose and why?
Identify the correct definition of osmosis.
 would you classify the zener diode in this circuit as a series voltage regulator or a shunt voltage regulator
Judge the value of . . .?
Decide which course of action was most effective 
List the steps involved in titration.
How do we construct agents that can deliver. “good” assistance
Estimate the difficulty of the question
How might lifestyles in the United States be modified if a more socialistic system were adopted?
design a cost effective strategy to generate reliable data.
Retell the story in your words.
How would you decide about...?
"Draw 3 pictures showing the beginning, middle and ending of the story."
List four types of clauses mentioned in the article
How do teenagers use code in emails and instant messages?
when was the first airport in the yemen built
Calculate for x in the following equation: 12x=36
State in your own words the rule for balls and strikes in baseball.
Plan a research paper on a given historical topic
Defend the following claim: The Cornell method works so well that it could turn even a poor lecture into a valuable learning experience.
Name 5 steps that follow the taking of notes (within 24 hours or less)?
Can you distinguish pot still rums from column still rums by taste
Write a logically organized argument in favor of a given position.
Compare and contrast animals that the class has made.
Explain in your own words what do you mean by the term economics?
How much did he pay for his car
Explain how Timothy saved Phillip's life.
State the rule for using a semicolon in a sentence.
Name one character. Rewrite the story from this character's point of view.
when did the first saudi radio station open
List the characteristics peculiar to the Cubist movement.
In one sentence explain the main idea of a written passage.
Classify types of corrosion inhibitors  
"Show, through role-play, the final scene in the novel."
"improved, reformed or rejected?"
Show how E-CRM can be used to improve marketing positioning as explained in the article
"Divide the story into initiating event, rising action, climax, and falling action"
Evaluate the corrosion monitoring needs of a chemical processing plant 
"After designing an experiment, examining the results, and drawing conclusions, determines in what ways the experiment could be conducted more effectively in order to draw more productive conclusions in the future."
Do you agree...?
Write an essay in not more than 250 words about India and Technological Advancement. Use active voice as much as possible.
 Develop a network based on the following information: Activity Immediate predecessors
List the levels in Bloom's Taxonomy.
 Construct a family of networks to demonstrate that the number of different mincuts in a network can be exponential in the size of the network
From a blueprint to describe the article depicted.
Apply laws of statistics to evaluate the reliability of a written test.
Select the most effective solution.
How would you show your understanding of the ABC process
Make a list of facts you learned from the story.
How could someone modify the Cornell Method to make it effective for researching a topic for a paper?
Combine any two sports to develop a new Olympic sport.
Apply and integrate several different strategies to solve a mathematical problem (not according to one formula(
Compare fall and spring
Demonstrate how your unit’s specific student learning outcomes are linked to the mission of UAM.
What questions would you ask if . . .?
Construct an analog circuit with the following specifications
Place the following in order of priority...
How was this similar to . . .?
Summarize the main point of these two texts in your own words 
Do you devise a systematic approach in order to get larger progressions
Draw a picture of the bears' house.
Compose your own note-taking design that incorporates all theadvantages of the Cornell Method.
What do you think is the best thing about coming to Viestal?
Who was the writer of the Hamilton 
How does one specify the syntactical restrictions
Devise a new economic system based on the ones that already exist.
Analyze the characteristics of frogs.
Draw the basic outline of a page of notes using the Cornell Method?
Correctly label the brain lobes indicated on the diagram below
Which technology is used by laser printer
"Contrast the treatment of ""well known"" trademarks provided by Paris Article and by TRIPS Article "
How do we differentiate between genuine buyer and undercover buyer
How Do You Think One Should Reason in Making Ethical Decisions in Business
 How do you construct foliations on a given manifold M?
" Compare and contrast two treatments of either drapery or animals by Greek sculptors, establishing their artistic contexts"
Can you develop a proposal which would . . .?
Identify the five major prophets of the Old Testament.
Tell in your own words how the setting of the story made it more interesting.
 Use the second-derivative test to determine whether critical points where f0(x) = 0 yield relative maxima or relative minima
"If your story occurred long ago, compare that time with today in a good paragraph. If it was a modern story, compare it with a long time ago and tell what would be different."
Draw a picture of the gown Cinderella wore to the ball.
If you had access to all resources how would you deal with . . .?
Design the architecture of the software system based on the requirements defined in the Software Requirement Specification document
Compare three celebrations using a Venn diagram.
Analyze safe and dangerous aspects of these features.
How would you create/design a new...?
"Given the two solutions to the stated programming problem, rate the solutions in  terms of efficiency and readability."
Suppose Phillip wasn't rescued shortly after Timothy's death. How long could he have survived?
How does Hawaii contrast and compare to Florida?
State the characteristics of each type of corrosion testing studied
Discuss the nature of socialism.
Recall basic math facts
Estimate expenditure on HIV/AIDS education
Construct a simple payroll program that computes net pay for those working 40 hours or less and net pay for those working over 40 hours.
What criteria would you use to assess...?
Design costumes for the characters.
Compose a simple rap or rhyme about zoo animals.
Can you distinguish aged rums from unaged rums by smell
In one sentence illustrate the main point of a written passage.
Analyze the movements and sounds of a frog.
State the definition of application in Bloom's Taxonomy.
Can you compare your . . . with that presented in . . .?
Can you state in your own words what the problem is asking you to do
Predict what will happen next in.
Compose a rhythm or put new words to a known melody.
"In a given clinical situation, select the most reasonable intervention and predict the main effects and possible side effects."
Explain in your own words what a recessive gene is.
Apply your understanding the Olympic spirit to develop a new motto or slogan.
Identify one problem in the book and give an alternate solution one not given by the author.
Compare the place where the story happened with where you live.
"structure, sorts the list in ascending order, displays the list on the screen and stores the list"
"Award the contract to the best proposal. Rank the principles of ""good sportsmanship"" in order of importance to you."
"In your own words, how would you summarize the story up "
State the formula for the area of a circle
Can you create new and unusual uses for . . .?
Select the athlete of the century and analyze why you chose this person.
Can you design a . . . to . . .?
Conduct an investigation to produce information to support a view.
Compare and contrast our school to other communities.
How many states are there in USA
Do you think that this statement conveys the idea that i am trying to portray
About what proportion of the population of the US is living on farms?
What would you do if a heavy growth of bacteria had occurred 
Invent a machine to do a specific task.
Listen to two classmates conversing on tape and critique their performance on the basis of the skills covered this semester.
Define the meaning of the Olympic Motto.
Assess the importance of understanding seasonal patters.
Use Laplace to solve the following problems
How many years does this animal live?
"Given two possible solutions, A and B, to solving the given software development problem, decide on the best solution. Give your justification."
"Identify a property (commutative, additive, etc("
Revise and process to improve the outcome.
Briefly describe the author's approach to the liabilities of the GOTO statement
"If your story happened in a foreign land, compare that land to the United States."
Are you a . . . person?
Compute the area of actual circles.
 Construct one Turing Machine for computing each of the following functions
Design a new animal to live in the jungle.
"Given a graph of production trends in automobiles, describe what the graph represents in a memo to your boss."
List reserved words in C programming.
Develop a SQA Plan for a software development project which is defined in the attached document.
Specify a deterministic finite automaton (DFA) recognizing the
Evaluate appropriate and inappropriate actions of characters.
Appraise the speech's effectiveness based upon the class' criteria.
"Critique the other student's (or your own) speech, based on the criteria we have studied this semester."
Use the rule for a semicolon in a sentence.
Compare and contrast two characters in the book.
"Rewrite the sentence in your head, following the direction given below"
What do you think is the mass and why
Compare two of the characters in this book.
Explain what a poem means.
Use a judge and jury to discuss the statement 'Children enjoy Anthony Browne's books because of the illustrations'.
Interpret the pictures.
Can you please analyze modern contemporary culture and tell me how your work plays a significant part in the remains of our post-modernist culture ?
"Differentiate the passages that attacked a political opponent personally, and those that attacked an opponent's political programs."
How many loop statement available in c++?
Describe what took place as the Hato was sinking.
Who is the first president   of USA
Justify the title To Kill a Mockingbird .
Construct a poster that will advertise your new food product in an exciting and irresistible way.
What would you predict/infer from...?
State four attributes of well engineered software.
Make a diagnosis or analyze a case study.
Describe nuclear transport to a lay person.
"Evaluate a work of art, giving the reasons for your evaluation."
Recall locations of a historical events
Create a storyboard for a sequel to your book. Use the same characters.
How does Tdap differ from Td vaccine
Estimate roughly how long the collision process takes
Break down the main actions of the story.
How could we determine the number of pennies in a jar without counting them?
Compose music for a frog play.
Define four types of traceability.
What is  your family name
Draw and label a diagram of a typical stream.
How much is your weight
How is scientific progress similar to Darwinian evolution according to Kuhn
decide about the most exciting part of the book. being sure to give at least three reasons why?
Assess the relative effectiveness of different graphical representations of the same data or biological concept.
 Examine carefully the given map extract on the following page to help you work out the exercise below.
Construct a Venn diagram to determine the validity of the given argument.
Distinguish between the following giving suitable examples
Compare herbatious and carnivorous animals on a Venn diagram.
Draw the block diagram of the central processing unit 
What would result if …
Describe 4 types of coupling in software design.
Recall the definition of the formula datatype from your assignment 2.
What are major facts about particular cultures and societies
Can you find four different feelings Pa Lia had during the story?
Specify the thickness of a galvanized coating based on atmospheric data? (level 2) 
Show me how you would check the brake lights are working on this car
Draw the flow chart of the PNK system
Compare Calliope with Howie. Use the word bank.
Investigate innovations that can enhance future Olympics.
Demonstrate using the OPAC and your knowledge of library organization to find a book about turtles.
"Paraphrase this poem about Sheik Schubli, explaining what he was saying about the characteristics of a friend"
Assess the appropriateness of an author's conclusions based on the evidence given.
"Illustrate this caption: ""Olympic as a Media Event in the Information Society"""
How would you change the story to create a different ending?
"Using the basic principles of socialism discussed in this course, evaluate the US economic system by providing key arguments to support your judgment."
State the guidelines to design an anodic protection system
Create a new product. Give it a name and plan a marketing campaign.
Describe how the linear polarization method can yield corrosion rates
What is a textual index
Construct the 4-Bit Ripple carry Adder Circuit
How is . . . similar to . . .?
How does autonomy differ with age
Judge whether it would be possible to survive on an island alone and blinded. Write about it.
Critically examine the strengths and weaknesses of the positivist paradigm
Rewrite a part in the poem using a different speaker
when was the UN formed 
Select the best proposal for a proposed water treatment plant.
How was life different in your town 100 years ago?
Solve for the ten following fraction multiplication problems. Please make sure to show all your work.
Write a poem about this book.
 Examine the differences between the model excluding the most influential observation and the model including all observations.
How do you analyze a marginally RCT 
Make a scrapbook about the areas of study.
Develop and execute a program for this exercise
Design a healthy menu that you think most people would enjoy using the healthy eating guide.
Describe what happened at...?
Can you defend your position about . . .?
Use a manual to calculate an employee's vacation time.
 How can we combine and abstract facts about a software system to create new knowledge?
Choose and illustrate the two most important events in the story.
How would you restructure the school day to reflect children's developmental needs?
How effective are . . .?
Derive a kinetic model from experimental data.
Prepare a book jacket that illustrates the kind of book as well as the story.
Make up a puzzle game using the ideas from the study area.
Distinguish facts from hypotheses
Use the distance travelled and cost of petrol to calculate the cost of a coach trip using a spreadsheet.
Integrate training from several sources to solve a problem.
Describe the major clinical differences between visceral and somatic pain
analyze the positive and negative points presented concerning the abolition of guns and write a brief (2-3page) narrative of your analysis.
State the pattern for expressing time in French.
Tell in your own words the beginning of the book.
Model an Olympic Village for the new Millenium.
Name the property that states that
Define mercantilism.
What is the most important...?
Describe how Phillip and Timothy survived on the Cay.
judge the difficulty level for yourself.
Can you write a new recipe for a tasty dish?
Describe in your own words what happens when a stream's velocity slows.
Construct a market strategy for your product using a known strategy as a model.
Show how they have used creative writing strategies appropriate to the format
Identify the standard peripheral components of a computer.
"In a teaching simulation with your peers role-playing 6th grade students, demonstrate the principle of reinforcement in classroom interactions and prepare a half page description of what happened during the simulation that validated the principle."
Judge whether Olympic Ideals are realistic or unrealistic for the contemporary elite athlete.
How many instructions in the instruction set of RISC computer?
In Which part of the world does he live 
What are the representational symbols on maps and charts
Outline in your own words how the Leggo's Tomato Paste advertisement sells their product.
Evaluate the level of galvanic coupling between two metals using basic kinetic information? (level 4) 
Explain the possible uses described in class for the space to the left of the vertical line.
Make a radio announcement that advertise the book. Write it out.
State the rule for balls and strikes in baseball.
State how to find a word in a dictionary
Identify a phrase as a simile
What does ICT stands for.
Choose any U.S. president and explain how he exercised his power as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces.
Can you solve the following problem 
" Inspect each of these Boolean expressions, and determine whether each one is a sum of products, or a product of sums"
How would you investigate this patient
Complete an analogy (analogy tasks are inference tasks)
Use a costing model to compute prices on goods to maximise profits and minimise costs.
Write a set of rules to prevent what happened in the story.
 Inspect the size of the loaded data: how many objects and variables does the iris data matrix contain?
Explain the process (paraphrase) for finding the perimeter of a rectangular garden
Which of the following item does not belong to the set ?
Recall the equation for the Ideal Gas Law.
"Develop a way to teach the concept of ""adjectives""."
Can you group by characteristics such as . . .?
What is the title of the first movie you saw 
Would you solve these two problems using similar approaches
"Explain the term conjugal families, by making reference to the different types of societies to which they could belong."
Distinguish between abstract date types (ADTs) and implementations of ADTs
Describe in prose what is shown in graph form.
How much data can be stored in the cach memory
 sketch a graph of velocity versus time for the upward and downward parts of a ball’s flight
"Given these five corrosion inhibitors, V, W, X, Y, Z, identify which are passivators  "
How would you have handled . . .?
Differentiate between .call by value and call by reference.
Describe an experiment to answer the question of the effects of weight on the fall of an object.
"Analyze the problem, identifying its variables."
Develop a hypothesis.
" Briefly compare this way of testing the satisfiability of to the more standard way using SLD Resolution, as in Prolog"
Establish criteria for making this choice and defend your final selection.
Devise plans to market or make artwork more valuable.
How does public health reporting differ today from reporting two years before
How does...compare/contrast with...?
Can you distinguish between . . .?
Investigate (pointwise) convergence and absolute convergence of the given series of functions
Decide which candidate would best fill the position of principal.
Investigate whether or not the system can be solved for x; y; z 
Compare two dog food commercials. What is the difference between them and how do they both sell their products?
"Explain the double meaning the author attributes to the term ""successive action descriptions"""
"Create a new song for the opening line of ""Mary had a little lamb""."
Describe in your own words what is meant by a sprained ankle.
How could you re-write this story with a city setting?
Compare and contrast the waterfall model with the prototyping model.
Name the artist who painted the Mona Lisa.
Sketch a typical absorption process in a packed column with regeneration in form of
Summarize the basic tenets of deconstructionism.
Describe the output of this program fragment:
Express the following percentages as fractions in simplest form
What is part of this book did you like best. Tell why you like it?
How would you classify the geographic location of your school
Rewrite the principles of test writing.
Please label the diagram below:
Recite a policy of immigration in Europe .
What are the major products and exports of countries
"Outline an ""attack plan"" that will allow you to test your hypothesis using computational molecular modeling tools"
How much time did he took to build a house
Differentiate the following functions using the quotient rule
Examine differences between the means of each individual switching factor.
Recite the principles of the Data Protection Act.
How would you relate position concept with position strategy
What are the units of corrosion penetration rates? Relate these to Faraday's law
Explain in one's own words how to create a query in a database.
Determine the author’s point of view
What are the structure or functions of Congress
"Define stream bank, floodplain and substrate."
Recite the the Gaussian law
"Using straight value depreciation, decide between two copper-nickel alloys for the design of a heat exchanger.  "
"After solving a problem, determine the degree to which the problem was solved as efficiently as possible "
How would you differentiate a project from a program
How to combine virtual symmetry and symbolic model checking effectively
What ideas can you add to...?
"Combine elements of drama, music, and dance into a stage presentation."
Pretend you are a librarian recommending this book to someone. Write a paragraph telling what  you would say.
What would happen if the rainfall doubled in your state next year
Who can use what we know about sonnets and finish this poem?
Design a building according to given specifications
How to construct the selected information system
Can you apply the method used to some experience of your own . . .?
What is a global variable?
 How are the adolescents with ASD similar of different from each other in their sources of communication breakdowns ?
Explain choices made in making recommendations to an end user.
Would you have liked to have had Cinderella for a sister? Explain why or why not.
Translate an equation into a spreadsheet formula.
Choose a paint schedule for the maintenance of an outdoor structure? (level 2) 
Distinguish between micro and macro economics.
Write a list of criteria to judge the Willy raps.
Calculate the number of sacrificial anodes that would be required to form a calcareous deposit on a steel pile immersed in seawater. 
Justify and nominate ways to prevent animal extinction.
Determine if a character’s actions were heroic 
What criteria would you use to assess the validity of a business contract?
How to Construct the Optimal Maintenance Problem
Recommend how our classroom or playground could be improved.
Pretend you are one of the characters in the book. Write a diary about the happenings in your life for two consecutive days.
How much water does an elephant drink
Describe the economic consequence of a neolocal society. Support your description with information you have learned from this course.
Compose a complete C program that reads text strings from a text file into a suitable data
Choose a country that does not compete at the Olympics and explain why that country is not an Olympic member.
Revise the story and specify the type of audience that would enjoy this book.
Write a song about 'Old MacDonald' who had a bulldozer instead of a farm.
Express the rule in function notation
Use Gauss’ Law to find the electric field between the plates when the charge on them is Q
Decide whether you learned enough about electricity from this book.
Translate the following passage from The Iliad into English.
Evaluate your own or a peer's essay in terms of the principles of composition discussed during the semester.
Determine the next number in a sequence
"In your own words, how would you define transferable skills"
How would you distinguish between polymyositis and viral myositis in a 42-year-old man with weakness and a rash?
Show the value of x after running this program fragment
How would you feel if . . .?
"Given an argument on any position, enumerate the logical fallacies in that argument."
 Outline your experience in working with service users
Apply shading to produce depth in drawing.
"Classify the following protocols: IP, TCP, HTTP according to the ISO OSI classification"
Classify animals into two groups.
What are the parts or features of...?
Categorise the pictures and add them to the wall display.
Sketch the blackbody curves for radiation emitted from the Sun and the Earth
What approach would you use to prove the truth of the below statement 
Create a set of guidelines to determine the points of a plant susceptible to localized corrosion.
Label any Olympic sporting apparatus with design features.
What season are we in right now?
What do you think are the strengths of using integrated math in your program?
What might happen if you combined...?
"Compare and contrast preview questions, clarifying questions and anticipated exam questions, including how each relates to the notetaking process? "
Differentiate printf function calls for displaying prompts and for echoing data.
Can you analyze the fractures and determine which should be repaired surgically
"Given the data available on a research question, take a position and defend it."
Create a chart that compares things that use electricity and things that do NOT use electricity.
In what ways do female offenders differ from male offenders
Draw a painting that uses various principles of perspective to achieve its effect.
"Explain how the biological concept of symbiotic relationships could be used to help solve socially created problems like water pollution, overflowing garbage landfills, or homelessness."
Compute the volume of a cylinder
Revise how to complete a complex task in order to improve the outcome.
Design a machine to perform a specific task.
"Which of the two algorithms, bubblesort or quicksort, is more efficient? Justify your answer."
Inspect the pattern of GPS positions relative to the “known” published value
"How effectively did students analyze course content on race, class, and privilege through autobiographical reflection"
Create and perform a play about frogs.
Break down the components of a standard film camera and explain how they interact to make the machine work.
What changes to . . . would you recommend?
Explain and justify a new budget.
Compose a device that would assist an athlete in their training.
Make up a new language code and write material using it.
Predict whether Phillip will ever go back to visit the Cay after several years of recovery. Assuming he gets his sight back.
Express the following systems in matrix form
"in what ways is oxyperoxidase similar to other oxygenated heme proteins, and how does it differ"
Rewrite you predicted equation for the ideal gas law
How could we develop a coherent measure of success for organisations engaged in this type of activity with young people?
Identify the part of a eukaryotic cell.
How does an endorsement differ from a teaching certificate
Defend your use of a specific strategy in solving the problem.
Evaluate whether their model is a true representation of the local environment.
Assess the strengths and weaknesses of the current Olympics and recommend action that should be taken in future Olympics: What can be
 Estimate the risk of serious illness for consumers in different susceptible population groups
Differentiate between the following terms along with appropriate examples
What happens if you change the direction of the displacement (but not its size)?
Make a paper-mache map to include relevant information about an event.
"Given three possible approaches to implement the defined system, discuss the possible advantages and disadvantages of each approach."
When did the second world war happen 
Conclude and support which economic system leads to a higher standard of living.
"Classify the following substances as particle, atom, element, molecule, compound"
Decide whether you could have survived on the island blind and alone. Write about things that would have been challenging making sure to
"Recite the poem ""Auto Wreck""."
How does your agency inspect against its expectation for operators 
when did saudi arabia start using internet
How do you think the community should grow or change
Outline the most important insight of the tale.
Rewrite the markov matrix to account for this slight change.
how do we devise a way to enforce the laws
Explain the communicative property.
Outline the aim of two studies within the 
Outline the mechanisms employed by bacteria allowing them to evade phagocytic destruction.
"From the information given, can you develop a set of instructions about . . .?"
What factors would you change if . . .?
Paraphrase the poem in your own words
Summarize the basic tenets of collaborative conservation.
Can you invent another character for the story?
How to specify the impact energy and impact test temperature of the material in the Code
Compose a dialogue between Atticus Finch and Tom Robinson when they first met.
Was Hemingway a great American writer? First you will need to define greatness.
Which of the following actions would probably be least effective in determining the answer? 
Translate an equation into a computer spreadsheet.
Contrast the Valles Marineris on Mars with the Grand Canyon
"How can we construct H given I, B and E?"
who was the first man on the moon
Look at the symbol. What is the symbol’s purpose on a map?
Name the main characters in the story.
Summarize Jem’s beliefs about Boo Radley
State in your own words where in the library to find previous issues of journals that are no longer in the display racks.
Create plan of local environment by drawing around boxes.
Critique an experimental design or a research proposal.
What would happen if . . .?
Express your opinion of 'Drugs in Sport' through poetry.
Solve a math problem using familiar procedure or formula
Predict what happens to X if Y increases.
Construct the Data Path of the RISC Processor given in the previous question 
Demonstrate how this could work in an industry setting?
In what ways are foxes similar to wolves and dogs
Would this information be useful if you had a . . .?
Describe in your own words how to copy text from one program into another.
Participate in a mock election
Choose a character. Rewrite a scene from the story from this character's point of view.
"In your own words, tell what is meant by the definition of an isosceles triangle."
Apply the rule of law to a new situation
List three predominant economic systems that exist
What solutions would you suggest for...?
"Write a C program that accepts integer inputs from the screen, computes the total and average values; and displays the values on the screen."
Define compound interest.
"Using information from the book about one of the main characters, rewrite the ending of the book."
Paraphrase an important speech
How do you combine the results of various individual tests to determine whether a student can progress to a next semester / phase / year?
Illustrate what you think the main idea was.
Appraise data in support of a hypothesis.
" How do you distinguish between the binge-eating/purging type of anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, purging type"
How do we efficiently combine multiple subject graphs to construct an aig with choice
Decide whether you are in favor of building on a floodplain; defend your position in a debate.
 How would you compare SAS with the Visual Basic Application and SPSS for the processing and analysis of mainframe data
How would you differentiate between heterodox and mainstream
Given two opposing theories design an experiment to compare them.
Use a sketch too find the exact value of each expression
Design and make an animal that moves.
How would the U.S.A. be different if the South had won the Civil War?
Identify which word begins with the same sound as the s in sun (Knowledge of letter s)
Describe in your own words how to borrow a book from the library.
Apply the storytelling technique here to a little story of your own.
Make a diorama to illustrate an important event.
Describe the Pareto Principle in statistical software quality assurance.
who is the founder of the kingdom of saudi Arabia
Explain in your own words what is meant by mercantilism.
Design a testing scenario to assess the susceptibility of an alloy to be used in a given environment?
Which of the following is the method for determining the volume of a cylinder?
How would this story be different if it had happened in a different country?
Can you see a possible solution to . . .?
 Label the parts of the microscope shown on the right
in what ways trajectory patterns differ according to ABC
State in your own words what the author means when he says
Translate a written text aloud from L2 to English.
"Given the data we've looked at on this topic, evaluate how appropriate this conclusion is and defend your answer."
Tell how Phillip kept himself alive after Timothy died.
Write a letter to the editor on a social issue of concern to you.
Summarize a story in own words.
How to inspect and maintain fresh water plumbing systems properly
Summarize a historical document
"Explain what the author means by the statement ""our intellectual powers are geared to master static relations."
Contrast Olympic athletes of today with athletes of past Olympic games.
"how do the clauses and expressions given in the article which replace GOTO statements, lead to the three traditional control statements"
What do you think about . . .?
Compose an original work which incorporates five common materials in sculpture.
Use tableau methods to prove that the following tableau is valid.
Specify the thickness of a galvanized coating based on atmospheric data? (level 2) 
which part of a data packet is used by a router to determine the destination network
Restate main idea of story in own words.
Compare this book to the last book you read.
"Following the identification of the forms of corrosion that were involved in a failure, recommend a solution to avoid this failure?"
Calculate the deflection of a beam under uniform loading.
Demonstrate how the seasons occur.
Explain the causes of historical events
Restate the Olympic motto in your own words.
Classify frogs toads and other amphibians.
Construct a model to demonstrate how it will work.
Summarize this magazine article.
Name the food groups and at least two items of food in each group.
Why not compose a song about . . .?
can you devise an explicit formula for
 What happens if you restrict a determinental process to a subset R  S? 
List the procedure to draw a mixed potential or Evans' diagram
Compare historical events to contemporary situations
Name the four major food groups.
 Sketch a prediction of the field lines for the arrangement of electrodes shown in Figure 2
Develop one plausible ending for all three short stories below.
Relate your most powerful story where your use of technology in the classroom has yielded a significant outcome with a student or students
Paraphrase what Hamlet is saying in his soliloquy.
Calculate the rate of habitat fragmentation within the Colorado Front Range in the last decade.
who was the first to compose in the arts of makamat
"After examining the videotape of a play in a football game, determine the degree to which the defensive team performed effectively and"
What can I do to investigate this problem further
  Describe and compare the role of Islamic law in the legal systems of Malaysia and Pakistan
How would you investigate this abnormality
Can you explain what must have happened when . . .?
Examine the data in the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables
How many kilometers from your home to the university
in which countries is arabic language spoken
Construct a dictionary and a truth table to determine if the following statements are logically equivalent
How many ways can you . . .?
How would you differentiate obstructive apneas from central apneas
Suggest  any  TWO  (2)  efforts  that  organization  may  perform  in  order  to discourage unethical behavior.
Discuss how Resource Based View can be implemented in organizations to reinforce financial standing.
Define factors of production.
Briefly describe FIVE (5) general types of factors of production.
"In your opinion,  provide  any  TWO  (2)  reasons  why  the  actions  of  one  firm  can significantly affect the sales of the other firms in an oligopoly market. "
Define electronic commerce.
Explain THREE (3) broad categories of e-commerce with examples.
Discuss any THREE (3) ways by which an organization can benefit from e-commerce.
Advise Smith on any FIVE (5) types of information which should be included in the website.
Suggest any THREE (3) specific ways with elaborations on how this new business may utilize the Internet technology to achieve cost efficiency.
Differentiate between data and information using examples.
State any FOUR (4) characteristics of valuable information.
Explain the differences between volatile and non-volatile storage.
Suggest THREE (3) specific types of application software  that  may help to  support James's business activities. 
List and describe THREE (3) accounting cycles in an Accounting Information System.
Explain how SWOT and Porter's techniques is applied in the manufacturing industries.
State FOUR (4) basic business activities that are performed in the revenue cycle.
List any THREE (3) practical approaches for payment collection  in revenue cycle.
Compare and contrast Manufacturing Resource Planning  (MRP-II) and Lean Manufacturing.
"As a manager in an Information Technology firm, suggest and elaborate any THREE (3) actions that organizations can take as part of the responsibility towards the society."
Illustrate each of these situations with TWO (2) real-life examples.  
Explain the differences between ethical dilemma and ethical lapse.
Suggest and justify ONE (1) strategy that your company may consider for marketing its products internationally. 
Differentiate between Market Economy and Planned Economy.
Provide  each  of  Market  Economy  and  Planned  Economy  with  an example.
Differentiate between a wholesaler and a retailer.
"In your opinion, identify the relationship between factors of and a country's economic system."
Briefly  describe  THREE  (3) types  of business  process  that  traditionally organized around functional areas of business. Provide an example of each.
Propose  and justify ONE  (1)  international market-entry strategy  that   you   may   consider   to market your   products internationally.
Construct a basic diagram or figure to demonstrate your understandings on what Information System is.
State a main difference between a customer and a contact.
Identify ONE (1) most likely error of the following quotation.
Determine  which  sub-stage that the  deal  is currently  in for the  following cases.
"Three sales sub-stages: qualification, proposition and negotiation are included in both OpenERP and SugarCRM, before a deal is won. Give a brief description of these sub-stages."
State your recommended solution with justification.
Explain TWO (2) ways on how monopoly harms consumers and hurts the economy. Justify and illustrate your answers.
Suggest and elaborate any TWO (2) efforts or methods that your company may use in order to gain competitive advantage over your competitors.
Justify your answers with elaborations by providing any TWO (2) reasons.
Differentiate between data and information using a real life example.
Briefly  discuss  on the  difference  between  volatile  and  non-volatile storage.
Briefly discuss any THREE (3) specific internet technologies or tools that are commonly found in providing support for business activities.
Provide a real life example on conflict of interest situation.
Illustrate  your understanding for oligopoly competition and monopolistic competition using ONE (1) real life example for each.
Briefly discuss any TWO (2) consequences for whistle-blowing activity.
List any TWO (2) real life examples of  the  organization  that implement the clicks-and-bricks B2C E-Commerce.
Provide THREE (3) examples of input devices.
Identify and discuss THREE (3) issues on employee productivity problems that companies face.
Briefly provide any TWO (2) real life situations to illustrate on ethical dilemma.
Propose  an  e-commerce  classification  model  that  suits the  needs  of  John's business. Justify your answer.
Explain the concept of clicks-and-bricks model in e-commerce.
Explain each inventory control method and suggest TWO (2) types of products for each method.
Explain Greimas square tool and discuss how it can be applied the aviation industry.
List   THREE  (3) advantages  and  TWO  (2)  disadvantages codification.
Identify and discuss THREE (3) issues on employee productivity problems that companies face.
Provide TWO  (2) possible reasons why AirAsia  decide to offer this new online service.
Identify  THREE  (3) possible  threats  you  should  anticipate  for this Internet-based business.
Suggest THREE (3) methods Game2 can take to prevent damage to its Web sites and continuing operations.  Justify your answer.
Explain  the  concept  of  Customer  Relationship  Management  (CRM).
Apply Porter's five competitive forces analysis to examine the summer job industry for your uncle.
Discover FOUR (4) characteristic of IT infrastructure to be considered.
Concisely define what SWOT analysis is and state why it is frequently producing conflicting views.
Formulate the profit for the company. 
Discuss the extent to which Value Chain Analysis can be applied in the logistics sector.
Information systems value is determined by the strong relationships among THREE (3) major components. Name them.
Cloud computing evolved from earlier technologies. State them.
Briefly  explain  any  TWO  (2) observations  of information  technology trend using Moore's Law.
Relate cycle-time reduction to improved performance. Justify your answer.
Define privacy.
"In your own words, describe Supply Chain Management (SCM)."
"In  your  opinion,  discuss  how  modern   supply  chain  management systems facilitate a pull-based  model."
Define the term Radio Frequency Identification (RFID).
Explain how RFID provides value to businesses.
"Use Porter's five competitive forces to analyze FiredUp, Inc."
Explain how GST approach can be deployed in the context of Accounting Information System.
"Base on the case study given, summarize THREE (3) ISM security problems."
Classify information systems based on the support IS can provide.
Explain how Referral Networks approach can be used as a tool to increase number of customers.
Draw the diagrams for a centralized database and a distributed database.
Explain how the future of social media can be explained by Web 3.0.  
Define knowledge and provide an example of knowledge produced by a vehicle management system.
Identify PayPal's business model.
Scaling methods can improve the performance of the web site. Propose to Jane which scaling method suit her current business needs. Justify your answer.
Define CRM and discuss how the CRM can be implemented in the business environment.
Examine how e-commerce facilitates Value Chain and Supply Chain.
Explain how auction is related to dynamic pricing.
Compare and contrast Address Verification  System (AVS) and Card verification number (CVN).
Provide THREE (3) justification on how would the university community be encouraged to place orders and become loyal customers.
Personalization is becoming an important element in Electronic Commerce. Explain TWO (2) techniques that can be used to learn about consumer behavior and how it can be used to facilitate customer service.
Provide TWO (2) suggestions on how a Web presence help Columbiana's government.
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  m  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
"Based on your observation of the local newspaper industry, discuss and state your stance on whether gender affects professional news selection."
Discuss how far you agree with this statement with emphasis on circulation management of a newspaper company.
Argue critically with relevant examples.
Critically discuss the quote above and explain FIVE(5) ways the interest groups can be more effective with relevant examples.
Critically analyze and discuss the problems with secondary data. Provide relevant examples to support your answer.
Describe the term 'urbanization' and discuss how urbanization influences the development of marketing and advertising strategies.
Critically discuss how demographic characteristics would affect a product development in a foreign market.
Analyze and discuss the challenges and opportunities that social media creates.
Critically analyze the image above and discuss the strategic decisions associated with the appeals of the advertisement.
Show how NLP techniques can be deployed in business.
Suggest THREE (3) ethical considerations that ANA advertisers should take into account in designing commercials.
Create a poster that promote jeans to local senior citizen which appeal directly to a multiracial citizen in Malaysia.
Select a local 'HOMEGROWN' brand and discuss its international marketing mix.
Critically discuss FOUR (4) main dimensions that used to  classify countries based on Hofstede's Cultural Dimensions Theory.
Compare and contrast between low context cultures and high context cultures. 
Critically discuss the THREE (3) options in handling the international media planning or buying.
Design an ideal newspaper organisational chart. Then describe the functions of the respective departments and how they relate to each other � horizontally and vertically.
Demonstrate email and social media approaches to create effective marketing plan.
Examine the two roles and show how newspaper managers can successfully draw a balance between their economic role and social role.   
Suggest a house-style and editorial policies for your newly introduced newspaper targeted at young readers aged between 15 to 25 years.
Examine how conventional newspaper can continue to maintain its circulation with the easy access to alternative information on the web.
"As an editor-in-chief, suggest how you can motivate your experienced journalists to remain with your paper."
Discuss the factors that you think may have affected the quality of newspapers in Malaysia and identify the key elements for a successful newspaper .
List any five departments and discuss the relations between these departments and the importance of depending on each other.
PEST and SWOT are popular strategy tools. Discuss how the TWO(2) tools can be applied in manufacturing business environment.
"Evaluate the performance of Malaysian newspapers and comment on what you think they should do to win back readers, particularly those who show preference for online news."
Prepare a research  proposal on a study that you have to conduct on the purchasing behaviour of teenagers in the Klang Valley.
Evaluate the need for ethics in research.
Explain the case study research method and distinguish between single and multiple case study design.
Argue the case for conducting experimental research involving humans and propose guidelines to ensure that the dignity and welfare of the subjects are maintained.
Differentiate between qualitative research and quantitative research in terms of their goal and design.
Develop a questionnaire based on at least FOUR open-ended and FOUR closed-ended questions for the interviews.
Analyze the purpose of having a Purchasing Department in an organization.
Distinguish Paradox of the Commons from Tragedy of the Commons.
Evaluate the three specific effects caused by the applications of information technology on the nature of competition.
"Advise the five steps, as recommended by Porter and Millar, that can be applied by business managers in taking advantage of information technology."
Winer (2001) proposes a 7-component Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Model as a framework to implement a successful CRM program. Evaluate each of the seven components of the CRM Model.
"Davenport (2000) discusses four emerging trends to be considered in designing future enterprise systems. Analyze each emerging trend, its relevance and importance to the designing of future enterprise systems."
Apply SWOT analysis in education environment and discuss its impact in the revenue analysis.
Alavi and Leidner (2001) examine how information technology (IT) can be a key enabler in supporting four organizational knowledge management (KM) processes. Critically assess the role of IT in supporting the four KM processes.
PERCEPTION STUDIES based on SURVEY METHOD are useful and common in both academic and market research. Critically evaluate the strategies used  in data collection that can increase the response rate when conducting a survey.
Critically review how a shift in the mental model with a different set of assumptions could change Yahoo.
"With reference  to the case, evaluate the similarities  and differences  between  open mindedness and mental models."
Leaders  often  face  a  dilemma  because  of  a  perceived  conflict  between  the realm of business and the realm of ethics. Compare the characteristics  of leaders who follow a strict rational  self-interest  approach  with  those  who take an ethical approach.
Evaluate the appropriateness of drugs advertising by the pharmaceutical firms.
Distinguish clearly between power and authority.
Evaluate the types of power Benjamin Fang is exercising in Sun Plantations and explain how this is being eroded by the changes taking place in the environment.
Discuss the extent to which the existence of a conflict between a company's objectives is acceptable.
Discuss and show the impact of CRM strategies in the telecommunication sector.
"Discuss the extent to which it is feasible for a company to 'operationalise' its social responsibility Spirations, that is, whether it is possible to bring these considerations into strategic decision-making in a programmed or systematic way."
"Identify and recommend any appropriate amendments to the proposal presented in order to rectify the errors made in estimating the company's current cost of capital and current value. For each of the revisions, explain the reasons why it should be amended."
"Recommend with justification, a value or range of values to the Board of Directors for the acquisition of ESL Berhad."
"Compare how the internal rate of return (IRR) method, Net Present Value (NPV) and modified internal rate of return (MIRR) method is different."
Analyze the product-market options that are available to Associated Meats Sdn Bhd.
Use philanthropy approach to manage corporate social responsibility effectively.
"Critically review the strengths, weaknesses,  opportunities and threats of Associated Meats Sdn Bhd in light of the forecast trends and developments."
"Critically appraise the five competitive forces encased within Porter's ""Five Forces"" model within the context of a profit-oriented organisation and discuss the threat posed to the firm by each of these forces."
"Evaluate the nature and effect of significant ""entry barriers"" on the formulation of a strategic plan for a business which is already established in the industry."
Synthesize any FIVE (5) factors that  should be considered  when  devising a safe system to undertake a task in an organization.
Synthesize the need for ventilation as an engineering control.
Assess the reason for hazard communication and the mode of communication practice for chemical safety at worksite.
List FIVE (5) functions of Department of Safety and Health as outline in OSHA 1994.
Define the term project in the context of project management.
Define standard operating procedures as highlighted.
Show in a step by step manner how TQM can be implemented successfully in education sector.
Compare FOUR (4) point of views of entrepreneurs with FOUR (4) for managers the way they look at the things.
Being a technopreneur means dealing with innovation. Define what innovation is and also propose FOUR (4) types of innovations you can have in your organization.
Presenting the business plan is very crucial to convince potential consumers and financers. List any SEVEN (7) suggestions for good presentation of your business plan.
List the advantages and disadvantages of Public Offering.
Show your calculations for all THREE (3) options and then discuss which one of the options you prefer.
Currently the product life cycle for Apple iPod is in the 'growth stage'. Provide evidence to support your answer.
Define brand audit.
Explain how Porter's concept can be used in education domain.
Discuss how Resource Based View can be implemented in organizations to reinforce financial standing.
Explain how SWOT and Porter's techniques is applied in the manufacturing industries.
Determine  which  sub-stage that the  deal  is currently  in for the  following cases.
Explain Greimas square tool and discuss how it can be applied the aviation industry.
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  m  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
Show how NLP techniques can be deployed in business.
Demonstrate email and social media approaches to create effective marketing plan.
PEST and SWOT are popular strategy tools. Discuss how the TWO(2) tools can be applied in manufacturing business environment.
Apply SWOT analysis in education environment and discuss its impact in the revenue analysis.
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  m  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
"As a manager in an Information Technology firm, suggest and elaborate any THREE (3) actions that organizations can take as part of the responsibility towards the society."
Suggest and elaborate any TWO (2) efforts or methods that your company may use in order to gain competitive advantage over your competitors.
Explain each inventory control method and suggest TWO (2) types of products for each method.
Discover FOUR (4) characteristic of IT infrastructure to be considered.
Suggest a house-style and editorial policies for your newly introduced newspaper targeted at young readers aged between 15 to 25 years.
"As an editor-in-chief, suggest how you can motivate your experienced journalists to remain with your paper."
Prepare a research  proposal on a study that you have to conduct on the purchasing behaviour of teenagers in the Klang Valley.
Develop a questionnaire based on at least FOUR open-ended and FOUR closed-ended questions for the interviews.
"Use your imagination to create a picture about the story. Then, add one new thing that was not in the story."
"Analyze a work of art in terms of form, color and texture."
Design a scientific study to test the effect of different kinds of music on hens’ egg production.
Rewrite the story from an animal’s point of view.
Develop a proof ... and justify each step ... 
"Explain briefly the meaning of the following terms: Demography, Consumer sales promotion , and Media mix"
Propose an alternative way to solve …  
"Design a record, book or magazine cover for..."
How would you express ________________?
How would you rank the items given the criteria ?
Analyze the selected information.
Design a building to house your study.
Class Facility is an abstract class. Explain what this means
"Write a TV show play, puppet show, role play, song or pantomime about.."
"Discriminate the different parts of the story (introduction, development, climax, resolution.)"
What evidence can you list for...
What hypotheses can you develop based on the data ? Why ?
What has the author used to create this effect
How does the law of supply and demand explain the current increase in the price of fruit?
Sketch an experiment to see how plants grow in different kinds of soil.
Draw an illustration of the linked list after the execution of each of the statement below. (Use the original illustration for each question).
State in your own words ...
State in one word ...
Name the authors of...?
Write a program that uses nested loops to print the following output:
Prepare a list of criteria to judge ... Evaluate expressions
Draw a diagram explaining how air pressure affects the weather.
Suggest a way to deal with this scenario
Draw a flowchart to accept a number and output its factorial.example 1: input 5 -> 5! = 5x4x3x2x1 -> output 120 
Create several scientific hypotheses to …
Recall the main components of the flowchart
What criteria would you use to assess...? 
Design or sketch a marketing strategy for your product using a known strategy as a model.
Explain what is happening in the first picture of the story.
How would you justify . . . ?
Can you propose an alternative plan to . . . ?
Create an advertising campaign
"Based on the above dataType class, list all the function members"
"Your advice has been sought to settle the following dispute in Company X. Referring to appropriate legal principles, write a short report advising the company on the best course of action to adopt."
Interpret the graph and state how many trees were cut down to produce paper.
Develop a menu for a new healthy foods restaurant
"""Don’t use public instance variables"" is defensive programming techniques. discuss why it is good advice?"
Categorize the story into parts and think of a good title for each of the parts.
List the __________________ in descending order
Can you explain what is happening . . . what is meant . . .? 
Write an explanation about this topic for others
Name five cities in US.
Can you think of an original way for collect and develop the . . . ?
Judge how well a project meets the criteria of a rubric.
How would you classify the type of ...?
List important information you can remember from lesson….
Can you discriminate the difference parts . . . ? 
Compare and contrast the two items and produce a summary of their similarities and differences
What would you cite to defend the actions . . . ? 
List the data members
Design a new monetary system or an experiment for establishing.
What do you recall ...?
"In your own words, tell what the story is about."
Justify the object oriented programming concept
Write a poem about the story.
"Write a program to calculate the SQRT for Array elements, you may use the Math class function (sqrt), the Array should include 5 Integer elements. The output should be the array elements along with their SQRT value."
Judge the value of... What do you think about...?
What criteria would you use to evaluate if your answer is correct?
Define Inheritance concept
Recall four facts from the story
Propose a set of alternatives for reducing dependence on fossil fuels that address both economic and environmental concerns.
Construct an alternative way to ...
Write a C++ statement to declare a variable of type musicType name MyTune.
Devise a different way of using X
Describe how interest rates affect the economy
Write a JAVA program to show the Overloading concept
How can you categorize ____ according to...?
Can you justify the decisions you have made ? 
Explain why the story has the title that it does.
Memorize and recall the periodic table
Write about your feelings in relation to...
Choose the best statements that apply ...
Identify the key points in the text 
Explain what is meant.
Write a journal from the point of view of mountaineer.
What evidence can you find to suggest that people should be regarded as the most important resource of an organisation?
List the fractions you know and can show….
How can you differentiate between...?
Create several different strategies to solve a mathematical problem. 
How can you describe _____________?
"Rewrite the story briefly, but change someone or something in it. (For example, substitute a dog for a wolf in The Three Little Pigs)."
Explain how the heart is like a pump.
Write 5 new titles for the story that would give a good idea of what it was about
List two local variables in the main function
Discriminate the pros and cons of ____.
List the attributes of the following shape.
Judge the validity of arguments for and against astrology
List two reference parameters in the setHour function
Draw a diagram to show the memory configuration after the following statements .... 
How can you explain what is meant ...?
Outline how class ArrayList could be implemented using an array
Develop a set of criteria for distinguishing between a good and bad example of this.
Rate the following recommendations and set the priority _____.
Can you assess the value or importance of . . . ?
Identify three mistakes from the passage and correct them.
Trace the value of alpha after the following code executes. int alpha[5];int j;alpha[0] = 5;for (j = 1; j < 5; j++){if(j % 2 == 0)alpha[j] = alpha[j – 1] + 2;else alpha[j] = alpha[j – 1] + 3;}
Sketch a diagram which shows these fractions or take photographs of the fractions. 
Write the definition of displaySize() method for each class
Write a textbook about this topic for others.
Define Method in JAVA.
What data was used to evaluate ____________?
Make a list of the main events of the story.
Explain what is happening...
Explain in one sentence what the method incFromN does
Can you defend your position about ... ?
Name three 19th-century women English authors.
"Demonstrate and illustrate measures of central tendency and dispersion, write a journal entry. "
Write what you might have done.
Analyze a distinction. State the point of view of . . .
Predict what would happen if ...
Analyze the following questionnaire. 
How can you distinguish the different parts of_____?
"Prepare a case to present, and evaluate your view about ..."
Name all the characters in the story.
Can you propose a model that would change . . . ?
Define morphology
"Trace the contents of matrix from the following statements int matrix[3][2];int j, k;for (j = 0; j < 3; j++)for (k =h 0; k < 2; k++)matrik[j][k] = j + k;"
Justify the concept of inheritance and give the sample of code to illustrate your answer.
Can you develop method to handle the following case . . . ? 
Label the parts of the diagram
Write another ending to the story that is different from the author’s ending.
Suggest  any  TWO  (2)  efforts  that  organization  may  perform  in  order  to discourage unethical behavior.
Define factors of production.
Briefly describe FIVE (5) general types of factors of production.
Discuss how Resource Based View can be implemented in organizations to reinforce financial standing.
"In your opinion,  provide  any  TWO  (2)  reasons  why  the  actions  of  one  firm  can significantly affect the sales of the other firms in an oligopoly market. "
Define electronic commerce.
Explain THREE (3) broad categories of e-commerce with examples.
Discuss any THREE (3) ways by which an organization can benefit from e-commerce.
Advise Smith on any FIVE (5) types of information which should be included in the website.
Suggest any THREE (3) specific ways with elaborations on how this new business may utilize the Internet technology to achieve cost efficiency.
Differentiate between data and information using examples.
State any FOUR (4) characteristics of valuable information.
Explain the differences between volatile and non-volatile storage.
Suggest THREE (3) specific types of application software  that  may help to  support James's business activities. 
List and describe THREE (3) accounting cycles in an Accounting Information System.
State FOUR (4) basic business activities that are performed in the revenue cycle.
Show in a step by step manner how TQM can be implemented successfully in education sector.
List any THREE (3) practical approaches for payment collection  in revenue cycle.
Compare and contrast Manufacturing Resource Planning  (MRP-II) and Lean Manufacturing.
"As a manager in an Information Technology firm, suggest and elaborate any THREE (3) actions that organizations can take as part of the responsibility towards the society."
Illustrate each of these situations with TWO (2) real-life examples.  
Explain the differences between ethical dilemma and ethical lapse.
Suggest and justify ONE (1) strategy that your company may consider for marketing its products internationally. 
Differentiate between Market Economy and Planned Economy.
Provide  each  of  Market  Economy  and  Planned  Economy  with  an example.
Differentiate between a wholesaler and a retailer.
"In your opinion, identify the relationship between factors of and a country's economic system."
Briefly  describe  THREE  (3) types  of business  process  that  traditionally organized around functional areas of business. Provide an example of each.
Propose  and justify ONE  (1)  international market-entry strategy that you may consider to market your products internationally.
Construct a basic diagram or figure to demonstrate your understandings on what Information System is.
State a main difference between a customer and a contact.
Identify ONE (1) most likely error of the following quotation.
Determine  which  sub-stage that the  deal  is currently  in for the  following cases.
"Three sales sub-stages: qualification, proposition and negotiation are included in both OpenERP and SugarCRM, before a deal is won. Give a brief description of these sub-stages."
State your recommended solution with justification.
Explain TWO (2) ways on how monopoly harms consumers and hurts the economy. Justify and illustrate your answers.
Suggest and elaborate any TWO (2) efforts or methods that your company may use in order to gain competitive advantage over your competitors.
Justify your answers with elaborations by providing any TWO (2) reasons.
Differentiate between data and information using a real life example.
Briefly  discuss  on the  difference  between  volatile  and  non-volatile storage.
Briefly discuss any THREE (3) specific internet technologies or tools that are commonly found in providing support for business activities.
Provide a real life example on conflict of interest situation.
Illustrate  your understanding for oligopoly competition and monopolistic competition using ONE (1) real life example for each.
Briefly discuss any TWO (2) consequences for whistle-blowing activity.
Explain how Porter's concept can be used in education domain.
List any TWO (2) real life examples of  the  organization  that implement the clicks-and-bricks B2C E-Commerce.
Provide THREE (3) examples of input devices.
Identify and discuss THREE (3) issues on employee productivity problems that companies face.
Briefly provide any TWO (2) real life situations to illustrate on ethical dilemma.
Propose  an  e-commerce  classification  model  that  suits the  needs  of  John's business. Justify your answer.
Explain the concept of clicks-and-bricks model in e-commerce.
Explain each inventory control method and suggest TWO (2) types of products for each method.
List   THREE  (3) advantages  and  TWO  (2)  disadvantages codification.
Identify and discuss THREE (3) issues on employee productivity problems that companies face.
Give FIVE (5) differences between the bitmapped image  and vector graphics.
Illustrate how the Variable Length Encoding algorithm can be used to encode symbols 'SOOOSAY T '.
Explain THREE (3) differences of Red Green Blue (RGB) and Cyan Magenta Yellow (CMY).
Give FIVE (5) guidelines when creating storyboarding.
Discuss any THREE (3) advantages why digital video is preferred for video editing and post production.
Give TWO (2) differences between  Unicode and IS0-8859 text encoding formats.
Define pixel.
Name  the  TWO  (2) categories and explain the differences between the two categories.
"Explain the WMA, AVI, and QuickTime video format."
Recommend to the management whether to use MP3 or RealAudio file format images and state THREE (3) reasons for your recommendations. 
Determine the number of possible colors and calculate how much memory is required to represent the following bitmap images.
Justify which digital video file format you would use for your movie.
Bitmap images imported into a Macromedia Flash presentation have limitations on how these images can be animated. Elaborate on these limitations that may affect the output of the animation created by Albert.
Suggest an alternative to Albert on how the above limitations may be overcome.
Explain about interactive multimedia.
Multimedia is shifting from being localized (contained on a CD-ROM) to being distributed (available on the World Wide Web). Give FIVE (5) implications on this.
Estimate the number  of bytes required  for the storage of a full 5 minutes performance at CD quality audio.
Briefly explain about Nyquist Theorem.
"Using Nyquist Theorem,  calculate  the  maximum  sampling  rate to avoid aliasing."
Suggest THREE (3) steps that Annie should do in multimedia authoring.
Give FOUR (4) advantages of multimedia application in education.
"Describe each of the media types: captured, synthesized, discrete and continuous. Classify all the multimedia elements into the media types that described above."
Explain on multimedia delivering on World Wide Web.
State and discuss on the general features of authoring tool.
Justify why Benny used MP3 instead of other audio format.
"Using Nyquist Theorem, calculate the maximum sampling frequency."
Briefly explain TWO (2) common techniques for data compression. Illustrate your answer with an example of each type of compression.
Briefly explain any TWO (2) reasons why multimedia is important for education.
List and explain the TWO (2) processes that can be done with the areas of the image that should be displayed in some color which is not available in the reduced palette.
Derive the data rate that is generated by the digitization procedure in each case assuming that the Nyquist theorem is applied with 12 bits per sample for the speech signal and 16 bits per sample for the music signal. Give your answers in kilo -Byte-per-second (kB/s).      
Determine  the  memory  required  to  store  a  2  minutes  passage  of stereophonic music. 
Comment on the most appropriate methods in which to deliver such a presentation and also address the merits of the methods you suggest in your solution.
Show how you would use Huffman coding to encode the following set of tokens.
Calculate the compression ratio for the compressed file.
Explain why a 30-second video clip (containing 25 frames per second) will occupy less disk space than 750 JPEG images of the same size.
Describe how SPATIAL Compression and TEMPORAL Compression are used in video compression.
Describe what multimedia is.
Define FOUR (4) common authoring metaphors and its advantages and disadvantages.
Give FIVE (5) differences between the bitmapped image and vector graphics.
Give FIVE (5) differences between GIF and SWF.
Estimate the time it would take to transmit the performance  over a network with 64 kbps.
Discuss  how  inverse  kinematics  helps  in  simplifying  the  task  of  animating jointed  structures.
Elaborate ONE (1) scenario where text would be more effective than audio and ONE (1) scenario where audio would be more effective than text in the passing out of data. Explain your answer.
GIF and SWF file format can be used to create animations. Compare and state the major advantage and limitation of using GIF rather than SWF for creating animations in webpages.
Explain the idea of MIDI file format in storing and playback of audio data.
Explain how MIDI file format will be more useful than other audio file formats in a certain scenario.
Propose a multimedia presentation for UTAR to promote bachelor's degree courses to potential applicants.
Apply the zero length suppression on the token stream.
Apply the run length encoding on the token stream.
"From your opinion, explain which one of the methods mentioned earlier is better for the given token stream."
Explain why 3D animation requires much time consuming and complicated in the development phase compared to 2D animation.
Predict the challenge to implement an augmented  reality  application  in  UTAR campus.
Design  a possible website structure to teach writing skills to children aged 4-6. There should be at least 3 components.
Explain why lossy compression gives better compression.
Outline THREE (3) uses of digital audio in the multimedia presentation.
Briefly discuss how spatial compression is different from temporal compression.
Suggest how multimedia applications may  be used for each of the scenarios below. (i) IT Avenue will be organising a road show at various shopping malls to promote a new model of mobile phone from Nokia.
Explain why a less experienced multimedia developer (including non-programmers) always opts for multimedia authoring tools to easily create an interactive application.
Explain whether Howard can have the video streamed effectively at 1 Mbps data rate on a 1 Mbps Internet  connection.
Suggest any THREE (3) scenarios where users  may benefit from using video calls in their communication.
Compare this piece of music with the music recorded in CD quality. 
"Audio plays an important role in the development of multimedia. Illustrate the relations that exist between Wavelength, Frequency and Pitch of a digital audio."
"Video got its start on cathode ray tube television systems, but has moved on to be used in many more applications. Relate the video transmission on television sets and computer monitors with interlacing and progressive  scan techniques"
Fill in the detail of typeface properties base on the following illustration.
Distinguish the difference between low pass filter and high pass filter.
Explain what is meant by the term Interactivity.
Highlight  THREE  (3) differences  between  bitmap  images  and  vector  graphics.
"Considering linear multimedia and interactive multimedia, suggest the best solution to the shopping mall's management."
"Nancy  intends  to  include  text  for  her  multimedia  presentation.  As a multimedia specialist, provide TWO (2) guidelines to Nancy when working with text."
"Based  on  your  understanding,  highlight  THREE  (3)  differences  between vector graphics and bitmap images."
Recommend THREE (3) factors to be  taken  into  consideration  on  the preparation of digital video delivery via low bandwidth networks and low-end computer systems.
"Briefly  explain  why  authoring  software  is considered  as  ""high level  tools"" whereas programming languages are known as ""low level tools""."
Explain why VLE could be better than RLE for this case.
Calculate the number of bytes required to store a minute of stereo sound at DVD quality with the resolution of 32 bits. Show your working and calculation.
Discuss any TWO (2) application areas where multimedia can be used in education environment.
Explain the usage of multimedia in healthcare.
Discuss  any THREE  (3) negative  impacts  of entertainment  media to our society.
Discuss  ONE  (1) similarity  and  ONE  (1) difference  between  virtual  reality and augmented reality.
Name the keyword in an ABAP program that can be used to invoke the debugging mode.
Write an ABAP program that allows the user to key in a positive integer value.
Provide   (with  explanations)   THREE  (3)  differences Programming and System Programming.
Write a Java loop that will display the phrase one  more time four times. Include any declarations or initializing statements that are needed.
Write a Java program that lets the user enter a year and checks whether it is a leap year.
Give the difference between parameter and formal parameter.
Rewrite the following program so that it is formatted properly.
Rewrite the following if statement using a switch statement.
Use Java math class and write the java statement for d = 2 * 2 + y * 2.           
Compute the distance between the two points with the following formula.
Detect error(s) in the following segment of codes and rewrite the codes with correction of the error(s).
Explain how the increment or decrement operators affect the result of p.
Explain the concept of narrowing conversion. Indicate in code how the conversion is done.
Give the three (3) categories of primitive data types and briefly explain what each category is used for.
Identify and correct the error(s) in the following statements.
Provide three (3) situations whereby it will be useful to use reference variables as parameters.
Provide the suitable commands to help her to compile and run her Java program.
Translate the following algorithm into Java code
Use a switch statement to rewrite the following if statement.
Simplify the return statement in the max method using the ternary operator
"Given that a = -10, b = 2, c = 5 and d = 0. Evaluate the following relational and logical expressions:"
Draw a flowchart that represents the following codes.
Name and describe the two ways that the data source window allows data to be viewed.
Write a statement to set the visibility property of Label1 to the checked property of checkBox1.
Write an assignment statement that disables a radiobutton named radioButton.
Explain how a Close method behaves differently for a modelessform (using the show method) compared to a modal form (using the showdialog method).
Name five types of common dialog boxes.
Find the errors and rewrite the corrected codes.
State  the  differences  between  Items Add  method  and  Items Insert Method in Combo Box.
Explain how SWOT and Porter's techniques is applied in the manufacturing industries.
Briefly explain the difference between Form Load event and Form Activated  event.
Discuss   POST   and   GET  methods   in  relation   to   idempotent   and   non-idempotent requests in the context of bank industry.
Explain THREE (3) advantages of MVC (Model View Controller) pattern in developing  web  applications.
Explain 3-Tier architecture in the context of Java Web Architecture at server side.
Explain how RequestDispatcher mechanism in the context of Servlet and JSP technology  has the ability to  facilitate updating  and maintaining  information on job  advertisements  across  several  dynamic  web  pages.
Explain Greimas square tool and discuss how it can be applied the aviation industry.
"Compare between URL, re-writing and Hidden Form field methods in respect of similarities and differences in the context of session management in Web environment."
Identify and explain the possible consequences of connecting a database with a web application without using database pooling method.
Discuss ONE (1) advantage and ONE (1) disadvantage of BASIC and FORM based authentication mechanisms.
Explain the benefits of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) in the context of web security.
Explain  the  concept  of  Java  Bean  with  an  appropriate  example  and  code snippets in the context of Servlet and JSP technology.
Discuss the effectiveness of using Expression Language (EL) compared to other methods in JSP.
"Implement working codes for presentation, business and data layers."
Propose Java Web architecture diagram for the above case study and explain.
Discuss the usefulness of HttpSessionActivationListener in web applications.
Describe  the  differences  between  HTTP  session  listeners  and  servlet  request listeners.
"Using an appropriate example, prove that listeners are able to manage resources effectively  in  web  applications."
"""HTTP POST method is better suited to send confidential information compared to HTTP GET method in web applications."" Justify the statement."
Explain the impact of using SendRedirect method in terms of response time.
Explain  THREE  (3)  benefits   of  JDBC  pooling  m  the  context  of  database connection.
Discuss TWO (2) benefits of Java Servlets in web applications.
"Appraise the URL Rewriting, Hidden Form Field and Cookies methods which are supported by the technology."
AJAX is a technology that is being widely used in web applications for faster response time. Explain the necessary steps to implementing an AJAX application.
Describe about application and web servers.
"MVC (Model View Controller) leads to low coupling"". Justify."
"Using appropriate examples, discuss a  situation  in which custom tags would be appropriate to use. "
The impact of using JSTL in software development can significantly reduce its development time. Prove that there is some truth in the statement.
Discuss in terms of implementation how to restrict resources such as web components and Enterprise Java Bean (EJB} components for use to only authorized users. 
Discuss the effectiveness of POST and GET methods in respect of flexibility and security.
JSP Technology is meant to replace Servlet Technology. Justify  to  what extent the statement is true.
Explain the reasons of using application servers to deploy web applications.
Explain why Servlet technology is better than the Common Gateway Interface CGI.
"Using an appropriate example, discuss how MVC can lead to a good design of a particular web application."
Discuss why web developers or programmers would prefer to use Expression Language (EL) compared to other methods in JSP for displaying dynamic content in web browsers.
Discuss the extent to which Value Chain Analysis can be applied in the logistics sector.
Discuss a security framework for the proposed application.
Discuss TWO (2) web application frameworks that are suitable to be used in the proposed application.
Suggest a possible Java Web architecture(s) for the proposed application based on the case study.
"Popular search engines such as Google, Yahoo and others are used to search information on the web based on user defined keywords. Determine and justify the appropriate HTTP method that should be deployed by those search engines."
Analyze the roles of web container or servlet container in a web server in the context of request response model.
Explain the impact of 'connection keep-alive' or persistence connection in the context of request response model on performance of sending response to clients.
"Using an appropriate example, explain how static data can be shared effectively among several web resources."
Critically  evaluate the JDBC  and pooling  method  in the context of database connections.
"Using an appropriate example, explain how session listeners can be used in a web application."
HTTP is a stateless protocol. Justify.
Explain the relationship between HTTP GET method and URL Rewriting in the context of session management.
Explain how you would  implement  delete schedule functionality in effective manner.  
"Using the data shown in Table 1, generate some frequent item sets."
"Interpret the relationship found between these item sets in terms of Support, Lift and Confidence."
Comment on the validity of your answer.
Explain with appropriate examples how taxonomies would help analysis of items in market basket analysis.
Briefly discuss why the emergence of the data warehouse phenomenon is causing such interest in the business world.
Contrast TWO (2) differences between a data mart and a data warehouse.
Recommend appropriate data warehouse architecture for the company and illustrate it with a diagram.
Provide some justifications for the data warehouse architecture that you have chosen in Q2 (a).
Discuss some possible challenges that the bank may face in deploying  data mining.
Explain how GST approach can be deployed in the context of Accounting Information System.
"Explain, using appropriate examples, FIVE (5)  possible sources of data pollution in implementing data warehouse in the bank."
Identify some of the most important possible dimensions that should be included in the data modelling design.
Discuss  the role  of  restriction  and  aggregation  in reducing  the  quantity  of data and obtaining useful information from a data warehouse.
Summarize the data purification process.
Describe ANY FIVE (5) possible scenarios of the project failure.
Rearrange it to design the correct schema that is suitable for the system implementation.
"Discuss, using appropriate examples, how OLAP operations would benefit in the credit card company."
Critically  appraise  of  making  data  warehouse  Web  Enable  in  the company.
"Discuss  how  data  mining  operations  which  are  classification,  association, clustering and anomaly detection can be deployed in a variety of industries."
Discuss major tasks in data preprocessing.
Explain the relationship between data warehouse and data mining.
Differentiate between classification  and prediction.  Justify your answer using an example for each.
Explain k-means and k-medoids methods in the respect of robustness in the context of clustering analysis.
"Using appropriate examples, differentiate between agglomerative  and divisive in the context of agglomerative hierarchical clustering."
Explain TWO  (2)  strengths and  TWO  (2) weaknesses of clustering based method in outlier detection.
Suggest TWO (2) ways of managing knowledge that organization can perform in order to gain sustainable advantage in today's rapid changing market environment.
Illustrate by using a real life example on explicit knowledge.
"In general, there are four broad categories of innovation which include product innovation. Illustrate your understanding by using TWO (2) real life examples for product innovation that follow the radical fashion."
Explain how Referral Networks approach can be used as a tool to increase number of customers.
Identify any TWO (2) specific problems of the traditional hierarchical structures in response to the need to better manage knowledge.
Propose any TWO (2) alternative solutions from organization structures perspective to facilitate the KM practice. Justify your answers with short elaborations.
Identify  any THREE  (3) practical  examples  for partial  views  of innovation and discuss the consequences for each of the example.
Draw and explain Nonaka's model of knowledge creation and transformation in detail.
"Illustrate  by  using  a  real  life  example  on  the  possible  relationship between data, information and knowledge."
Use philanthropy approach to manage corporate social responsibility effectively.
Discuss the main purpose of quiet on-site observation technique.
Discuss on the importance of KM with specific reference to its impact on employee's learning and process efficiency.
State the differences between invention and innovation.
Explain how e-mail agents work.
Explain the CRM implementation in Chola MS.
Propose  the  examples  of  how  text  mining  could  be  used  in  other businesses.
Identify the HP's challenges in text mining.
Provide FIVE (5) examples on how HP can use text mining in other areas.
Justify why company XYZ needs to use expert systems
Explain the components of CRM that Citibank used.
Provide TWO  (2) possible reasons why AirAsia  decide to offer this new online service.
Identify  THREE  (3) possible  threats  you  should  anticipate  for this Internet-based business.
Suggest THREE (3) methods Game2 can take to prevent damage to its Web sites and continuing operations.  Justify your answer.
Explain  the  concept  of  Customer  Relationship  Management  (CRM).
Apply Porter's five competitive forces analysis to examine the summer job industry for your uncle.
Discover FOUR (4) characteristic of IT infrastructure to be considered.
Concisely define what SWOT analysis is and state why it is frequently producing conflicting views.
Formulate the profit for the company. 
Information systems value is determined by the strong relationships among THREE (3) major components. Name them.
Cloud computing evolved from earlier technologies. State them.
Briefly  explain  any  TWO  (2) observations  of information  technology trend using Moore's Law.
Relate cycle-time reduction to improved performance. Justify your answer.
Define privacy.
"In your own words, describe Supply Chain Management (SCM)."
"In  your  opinion,  discuss  how  modern   supply  chain  management systems facilitate a pull-based  model."
Define the term Radio Frequency Identification (RFID).
Explain how RFID provides value to businesses.
"Use Porter's five competitive forces to analyze FiredUp, Inc."
"Base on the case study given, summarize THREE (3) ISM security problems."
Classify information systems based on the support IS can provide.
Draw the diagrams for a centralized database and a distributed database.
Explain how the future of social media can be explained by Web 3.0.  
Define knowledge and provide an example of knowledge produced by a vehicle management system.
"Given a frequency filter specification as H(u;v), derive a procedure to generate the convolution result of its corresponding spatial filter with an image f(x,y). "
Describe  briefly  how  an  image  can  be  represented  by  chain  coding  and moments.
Explain what is meant by occlusion and discuss the ability of chain coding to cope with occlusion.
Specify TWO (2) limitations of k-means clustering.
Calculate the fitness function for all chromosomes in the population.
"Assuming the elitism selection method where the best chromosomes are selected for pairing, apply the crossover and mutation for the selected pair of chromosomes using the encoding scheme proposed in (b)(i)."
Suggest a procedure which uses k-means as a subroutine with a better chance than k-means in obtaining good clustering.
Solve the following problem using genetic algorithm.
"MLPs are frequently used to approximate functions. However, the quality of the approximation depends on the parameters of the MLP used. Discuss how this quality is affected by the number of hidden layers used in the MLP."
Briefly explain how Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm can be used to solve Travelling Salesperson Problem (TSP).
Explain how mutation technique can be implemented in Genetic Algorithm (GA).
Describe how hypotheses are combined in boosting.
Describe dynamic load balancing using centralised work pool approach.
Briefly explain why a parallel solution with less number of synchronisation phases is more preferred than other solution with a lot of synchronisation phases.
Describe the sender-initiated task transfer method that used in dynamic load balancing.
"There are two approaches to solve a problem, namely X and Y. Approach X uses a lot of synchronizations compared to approach Y. Briefly explain why the approach Y should be chosen to solve the problem."
Identify PayPal's business model.
Scaling methods can improve the performance of the web site. Propose to Jane which scaling method suit her current business needs. Justify your answer.
Examine how e-commerce facilitates Value Chain and Supply Chain.
Explain how auction is related to dynamic pricing.
Compare and contrast Address Verification  System (AVS) and Card verification number (CVN).
Provide THREE (3) justification on how would the university community be encouraged to place orders and become loyal customers.
Personalization is becoming an important element in Electronic Commerce. Explain TWO (2) techniques that can be used to learn about consumer behavior and how it can be used to facilitate customer service.
Provide TWO (2) suggestions on how a Web presence help Columbiana's government.
"Critically explain how our statuses, educational qualification and occupation affect our social stratification, social mobility and life chances."
"Based on your opinion, discuss critically, how far you agree that race relations have become unhealthy in our country."
"Discuss critically, by using your understanding of nature and nurture."
Explain THREE characteristics that distinguish authoritarianism from totalitarianism.
Analyze and discuss the conceptual influence of the philosophy on education today.
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  in  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
"Based on your observation of the local newspaper industry, discuss and state your stance on whether gender affects professional news selection."
Discuss how far you agree with this statement with emphasis on circulation management of a newspaper company.
Argue critically with relevant examples.
Define CRM and discuss how the CRM can be implemented in the business environment.
Critically discuss the quote above and explain FIVE(5) ways the interest groups can be more effective with relevant examples.
Critically analyze and discuss the problems with secondary data. Provide relevant examples to support your answer.
Describe the term 'urbanization' and discuss how urbanization influences the development of marketing and advertising strategies.
Critically discuss how demographic characteristics would affect a product development in a foreign market.
Analyze and discuss the challenges and opportunities that social media creates.
Critically analyze the image above and discuss the strategic decisions associated with the appeals of the advertisement.
Suggest THREE (3) ethical considerations that ANA advertisers should take into account in designing commercials.
Create a poster that promote jeans to local senior citizen which appeal directly to a multiracial citizen in Malaysia.
Select a local 'HOMEGROWN' brand and discuss its international marketing mix.
Critically discuss FOUR (4) main dimensions that are used to classify countries based on Hofstede's Cultural Dimensions Theory.
Compare and contrast between low context cultures and high context cultures. 
Critically discuss the THREE (3) options in handling the international media planning or buying.
Design an ideal newspaper organizational chart. Then describe the functions of the respective departments and how they relate to each other horizontally and vertically.
Examine the two roles and show how newspaper managers can successfully draw a balance between their economic role and social role.   
Show how NLP techniques can be deployed in business.
Suggest a house-style and editorial policies for your newly introduced newspaper targeted at young readers aged between 15 to 25 years.
Examine how conventional newspaper can continue to maintain its circulation with the easy access to alternative information on the web.
"As an editor-in-chief, suggest how you can motivate your experienced journalists to remain with your paper."
Discuss the factors that you think may have affected the quality of newspapers in Malaysia and identify the key elements for a successful newspaper .
List any five departments and discuss the relations between these departments and the importance of depending on each other.
"Evaluate the performance of Malaysian newspapers and comment on what you think they should do to win back readers, particularly those who show preference for online news."
Prepare a research  proposal on a study that you have to conduct on the purchasing behaviour of teenagers in the Klang Valley.
Evaluate the need for ethics in research.
Explain the case study research method and distinguish between single and multiple case study design.
Argue the case for conducting experimental research involving humans and propose guidelines to ensure that the dignity and welfare of the subjects are maintained.
Differentiate between qualitative research and quantitative research in terms of their goal and design.
Develop a questionnaire based on at least FOUR open-ended and FOUR closed-ended questions for the interviews.
Analyze the purpose of having a Purchasing Department in an organization.
Draw a diagram of the Intelligent System structure with detailed explanation.
"With an appropriate example, discuss the effectiveness of using message queue compared to pipes in communication between processes."
Apply how semaphores and shared memory methods can be deployed to execute a particular task.
Compare and contrast between signal and pipe methods in the context of inter process communication.
Examine the connection and connectionless protocols using appropriate examples.
"With the aid of pseudocode or source codes, assess the usage of fork, exec and wait functions in working together in inter process communication."
Determine if the two principal components are adequate to explain the variation in the sample that was used to calculate I.
State three methods that could be used to determine the adequate number of factors in the solution.
Determine the percentage of variation in the correlation matrix that is explained by the 4 factors.
Estimate the communalities and specific variances for the first four variables.
Indicate the variables that are important in each of the canonical variates.
Write the first pair of standardised canonical variates.
Calculate the length of the projection of vector x on vector y. 
Classify a person who scored 12 and 10 for acceptability  and confidence assuming equal cost of misclassification and current percentage of supporters being 40.
Construct a confusion matrix for the data and estimate the Apparent Error Rate. 
Solve the following optimization problem by using the golden section search method and terminate the computation when the length of the interval.  
Use dynamic programming to make these allocations to maximize the total grade points to be obtained from the four courses.
Apply the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions for this problem to derive an optimal solution.
Use Lagrange multiplier to solve the following nonlinear programming problem.
Use dynamic programming to help the fortune seeker to identify the route which minimizes the total cost of the policy.
Use the Chapman-Kolmogorov Equations procedure to find the n-step transition matrix pUi for n = 2 and 5.
Formulate the evolution of the weather as a Markov chain by defining its states and giving its (one-step) transition matrix.
Determine how to minimize the total cost of operating and purchasing a telephone for the next six years.
Define transgenic crops.
List four traits commonly used for the development of transgenic crops.
“Transgenic technology is the best method used for crop improvement and that it should be the only method adopted in future”. Comment on the above statement and justify your explanation.
Discuss in detail the criteria used to assess the success or failure of a newly released transgenic crop with improved tolerance to stress.
State TWO (2) advantages of continuous bioreactors over batch bioreactors.
"Using the Luedeking-Piret equation for growth associated product formation, calculate the pullulan concentration in 30h of fermentation."
Name a major culture collection.
Butanol is found to be an efficient carbon source for the cultivation of this microorganism. Suggest how this carbon source can be sterilised and used in this fermentation process.
"After strain modification process, the UTAR002 is found to be unable to excrete the desired enzyme into the medium.  Suggest a proper purification protocol for the recovery of this product."
"As a fermentation technologist, you are required to maximise the production of citric acid through chemostat process. The chemostat process is going to be operated at dilution rate of 0.25 h-1 with 30 g/L of sucrose concentration in the feeding tank. Evaluate the possibilities in employing chemostat for citric acid production."
Distinguish between chemically defined media and natural media.
"Optimization of medium and culture conditions of a fermentation process can be conducted by using multifactor experimental design or response surface optimization. With aid of a flow chart, compare and contrast these two methods."
"From your observation, you noticed that agitation and aeration are important in cultivating the Lactobacillus acidophilus aerobically. Suggest the most suitable agitator that could be used for this purpose. Describe the proposed impeller type in detail."
Discuss and show the impact of CRM strategies in the telecommunication sector.
Suggest the most suitable growth model that could be applied to describe the growth of above-mentioned Lactobacillus acidophilus strain. Briefly explain the suggested growth model.
Distinguish Paradox of the Commons from Tragedy of the Commons.
Evaluate the three specific effects caused by the applications of information technology on the nature of competition.
"Advise the five steps, as recommended by Porter and Millar, that can be applied by business managers in taking advantage of information technology."
Winer (2001) proposes a 7-component Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Model as a framework to implement a successful CRM program. Evaluate each of the seven components of the CRM Model.
"Davenport (2000) discusses four emerging trends to be considered in designing future enterprise systems. Analyze each emerging trend, its relevance and importance to the designing of future enterprise systems."
Alavi and Leidner (2001) examine how information technology (IT) can be a key enabler in supporting four organizational knowledge management (KM) processes. Critically assess the role of IT in supporting the four KM processes.
PERCEPTION STUDIES based on SURVEY METHOD are useful and common in both academic and market research. Critically evaluate the strategies used in data collection that can increase the response rate when conducting a survey.
Critically review how a shift in the mental model with a different set of assumptions could change Yahoo.
"With reference  to the case, evaluate the similarities  and differences  between  open mindedness and mental models."
Leaders  often  face  a  dilemma  because  of  a  perceived  conflict  between  the realm of business and the realm of ethics. Compare the characteristics  of leaders who follow a strict rational  self-interest  approach  with  those  who take an ethical approach.
Evaluate the appropriateness of drugs advertising by the pharmaceutical firms.
Distinguish clearly between power and authority.
Apply SWOT analysis in education environment and discuss its impact in the revenue analysis.
"Evaluate the types of power Benjamin Fang is exercising in Sun Plantations, and explain how this is being eroded by the changes taking place in the environment."
Discuss the extent to which the existence of a conflict between a company's objectives is acceptable.
"Discuss the extent to which it is feasible for a company to 'operationalise' its social responsibility Spirations, that is, whether it is possible to bring these considerations into strategic decision-making in a programmed or systematic way."
"Identify and recommend any appropriate amendments to the proposal presented in order to rectify the errors made in estimating the company's current cost of capital and current value. For each of the revisions, explain the reasons why it should be amended."
"Recommend with justification, a value or range of values to the Board of Directors for the acquisition of ESL Berhad."
"Compare how the Net Present Value (NPV), IRR method and modified Internal Rate of Return (MIRR) method is different."
Analyze the product-market options that are available to Associated Meats Sdn Bhd.
"Critically review the strengths, weaknesses,  opportunities and threats of Associated Meats Sdn Bhd in light of the forecast trends and developments."
"Critically appraise the five competitive forces encased within Porter's ""FIVE FORCES"" model within the context of a profit-oriented organization and discuss the threat posed to the firm by each of these forces."
"Evaluate the nature and effect of significant ""entry barriers"" on the formulation of a strategic plan for a business which is already established in the industry."
Synthesize any FIVE (5) factors that  should be considered  when  devising a safe system to undertake a task in an organization.
Demonstrate email and social media approaches to create effective marketing plan.
Synthesize the need for ventilation as an engineering control.
Assess the reason for hazard communication and the mode of communication practice for chemical safety at worksite.
List FIVE (5) functions of Department of Safety and Health as outline in OSHA 1994.
Define the term project in the context of project management.
Define standard operating procedures as highlighted.
Compare FOUR (4) point of views of entrepreneurs with FOUR (4) for managers the way they look at the things.
Being a technopreneur means dealing with innovation. Define what innovation is and also propose FOUR (4) types of innovations you can have in your organization.
List any SEVEN (7) suggestions for good presentation of your business plan as it is very crucial to convince potential consumers and financers.
PEST and SWOT are popular strategy tools. Discuss how the TWO(2) tools can be applied in manufacturing business environment.
List the advantages and disadvantages of Public Offering.
Show your calculations for all THREE (3) options and then discuss which one of the options you prefer.
Currently the product life cycle for Apple iPod is in the 'growth stage'. Provide evidence to support your answer.
Define brand audit.
